All right, episode 11 of the Lonnie and
Ryan podcast and today we have a special
guest, Kevin Tennessee Picker. He's been
a great friend of ours for many years
now. Um, which is crazy. And he was
gracious enough to come on today. So,
how you doing, Kevin? Good to see you.
>> I'm doing great. And guys, I I just want
to say, uh, I'm honored that you asked
me on with all the awesome guests that
you've had. So, I do not up there with
with those people. So,
>> I always Oh, yeah. You were always up
there like originally like when we first
started this podcast, you were on like
the the first list that we had.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We wrote we we wrote down a name
of people that we wanted to get like
just obvious stuff and then like Oh,
Kevin. Oh, yeah. Kevin, you know, both
Kevin's.
>> But yeah, uh I don't Kevin are you've
been I've known you I I want to say I've
known you for probably eight years now
or so. Seven or eight.
>> Uh, it's been probably nine years.
>> Oh, has it? Okay.
>> I've been in I've been in this office
since 2017.
>> So, that's still there.
>> Yeah. And and I knew you when I first
got this. I think that
>> Yeah, I know.
>> Um, so it's been it's been nine years.
>> I'll tell you how I'll tell you how
Kevin and I met. Um, and then of course
Ryan met Kevin through me. um is John.
John and I were doing our first
>> our first podcast
>> was called what was it called Kevin?
>> This weekend reselling was it?
>> That's right. Yeah.
>> Oh, I remember that.
>> Yeah.
>> And and Kevin Kevin was one of our early
>> early viewers for that. And I don't know
Kevin, do you remember like what those
early shows were like? Like like how
many viewers and stuff? It wasn't a
whole lot.
>> I think Well, I think you still had
around 50 or 60. Uh
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, there it was a good It was a good
amount. And
>> you mean like You mean live?
>> Yes.
>> Five viewers
>> simultaneous? Yeah. Actually, yeah, that
was that was pretty decent at the time
because John it was
>> because John John I think at that time
my channel was still bigger than John's
probably.
>> Yeah. Um, and and John and I were pretty
were still pretty new when we started
doing that. That might have been Oh,
yeah.
>> So, yeah, it was But you were one of the
early You were one of the first ones in
there, though.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I I made it my mission
when I was in the chat to try to crack
you guys up while you were live.
I remember you did um Ryan Kevin would
really help us out a lot on those shows
because you know like you're always
trying to figure out what to talk about
and that dude be in
>> he Oh, I remember he would be making the
craziest funniest jokes in the chat and
we would just be dying laughing. Dude, I
remember that. Well, John would always
be trying to, you know, he was on track
all the time and I would just try to
throw it off track every every chance
that I got. So,
>> did you ever go on their show?
>> No.
>> Or was he you were just in the chat?
>> But I think I was on John did a um there
for a while. I don't know if you guys
had started this week in reselling yet,
but he did something called the flip
>> where he interviewed like one just one
person at a time. And I was on that one.
>> Okay. Yeah, I was on that one.
>> That's actually when when I met John
Kevin is um he was do he had just
started the flip
and I think I was one like maybe I don't
I don't remember how many people were
before me but I was one of the f one of
his first interviewees for the flip.
>> I think that's
>> and that's when I met him is when we did
that.
>> So yeah, I forgot he did that. He did
like a whole series of uh interviews
back in the day.
>> Yeah. I can't remember how many there
were, but I I remember you la um Ronnie
um and uh me and I can't remember there
was there were a few others, but it uh
it wasn't long, I think, before the
first reseller rally. And then that's
when you guys met
>> because I I kicked myself for not going
to that one.
>> I was like, "Ah, that one's too far
away. I'll just wait and they'll have
another one." And uh I wish I'd went to
that one. That one sounded
>> like everybody who began was at that
first one. Uh
>> right.
>> Like before I'd even started a YouTube
channel that everyone was up there.
>> So
>> when did you start doing YouTube?
>> Yeah.
>> End of 2017.
>> Okay.
>> But
>> shortly after that.
>> It it was bad though. I mean, it was
like uh I was so nervous and trying to
talk to my own self.
>> Yeah.
>> My wife was like,
>> "Are you done talking to yourself in
there?" I'm like, you know, it took me
like 20 tries just to do a haul video
sitting in front of my kitchen table. Uh
and like I kept erasing it and starting
over again. And it's awful. It's all
those
>> that's not that's not unique. I think we
could all probably as YouTubers say
that, you know, our first videos are
ultra cringe. Like, you got to start
somewhere, right?
>> I I remember my first video, I used I
had a MacBook Air and I just used the
built-in camera.
>> Y
>> and and I I was talking and every time
I'd talk, I'd start strumming my fingers
on the on the MacBook like on the side
and you can hear it.
>> I remember this.
And man, I Yeah.
>> Uh cuz I like I Pete, shout out for you
is how I found you.
>> And in 2016,
>> and I had just started um so I I've sold
on eBay for 29 years, but I even sold on
it when it was called Auction Web or
whatever it was.
>> Oh, that's real old school. Um, but I
was uh selling stuff and I worked in an
office and people were like, "That's
cool that you sell on eBay, but you
can't make any real money doing that,
can you?" And, uh, so in 2016, I was
like, "You know what? I'm going to find
out." Uh, and I and I that's when I
started looking through YouTube to start
just making lists of stuff to buy. I was
like, I had lists and lists and lists of
stuff to buy.
>> And, uh, Pete was one of the guys that I
was watching. And um he when he shouted
you out, I went to yours and the first
video I watched of yours, Lonnie, was
you on the couch. You were doing a haul
video on the couch and you would hold
things like this,
>> right?
>> And the cat would walk across the back
of the back.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. You know what's bad though, Kevin,
is that probably when you were watching
me do that, you probably knew more about
what to buy than I did at that point.
>> I don't know, man. I was uh I had like I
just had knowledge from like the
previous decade like I don't know if you
know this but like in the middle 2000s I
ran an eBay drop off store.
Remember those?
>> Oh really?
>> Um and um
>> how would that work exactly? Yeah. Tell
us how that works.
>> Okay. So like well first of all well um
there were you had to pay for buy nows
back then. So it was all auctions. So,
uh, so we were a storefront. Basically,
people would come in, sign a contract,
we would, uh, take their stuff and we'd
take 33% of, we would auction it off,
and we got 33% of whatever it sold for.
We would do the photographing, the
listing, the shipping, everything. We
had a we had a shipper, we had a
photographer, had all that stuff.
>> Um, and uh, um, so I learned a lot from
there. But back then, but in the middle
2000s, stuff that was popular was like
milk glass and hol pottery and
>> Yep.
>> um Yadros and and Precious Moment.
>> Hey, Yadro is still Yadro is still good,
bro.
>> Well, back then all the pieces were
good. Now the Now the little pieces
sometime aren't sometimes aren't, you
know, as valuable as they were way back
then. But
>> yeah, I'm a Yadro bro for sure though,
man. I I saw a lot of Yadro. I like
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, that's good. I mean, it
was a good brand, but back then it was
McCoy
>> and like it was all that kind of stuff
and and so I learned a lot about that.
Uh back then I even
>> would hold a class for people who uh
wanted to bring stuff to us to sell. I
would teach them what to look for at
yard sales so they could go buy and
bring it into us so we could sell.
>> Oh, smart.
>> Are you Are you serious? Wow.
>> Yeah. And so
>> I'm sorry. trained people. You trained
people to learn how to find stuff to
essentially bring to you. That's That's
genius. Wow.
>> Kevin, I was just No, I'm just listening
to you. I'm just like really I'm engaged
with your story. Th This was a business
that you owned or you worked or
>> No, I worked at um uh I was a general
manager of three stores
>> and
>> Oh, you had three of them?
>> Uh yeah. Well, there were th I Well, I
um managed the I was the general manager
of three and was the main manager of the
of one in here in Seirville and it was
called New Markets. I had a card. I
thought I had it up here, but I guess
not. Anyway, Nu Markets was what it was
called and we were direct competitors of
the the bigger chain was called I sold
it on eBay.
>> I remember
>> they were a huge chain uh of those drop
off stores. You remember this, Brian?
>> You remember this?
>> This is before my time.
>> Okay.
>> So, um, this was, uh, so we would train
people or I would train customers to go
out to yard sales and, uh, like bring in
what was more valuable. And then I would
take Fridays and Saturdays off and I
would go buy stuff to bring into the
store for myself and to go out the store
as well.
Okay. And uh it it did well for a while,
but um when you have to when you have to
rely on everybody else's stuff to to
make a profit, it's it's just not going
to and it's all auctions, too. And you
had to pay if you wanted to start the
auction more than $9.99. So people would
bring in $100 items, but we would have
to start it at $9.99. And sometimes
>> after a 7-day auction, it would only,
you know, be at 25 or 30 bucks. And
those guys were not coming back. They
would not bring anything back.
>> Uh so I'm glad that eBay, you know, made
it to where you could start listing
stuff, buy it now, uh all the time. So
>> Kevin, you said y'all would charge 33%.
>> Yes.
>> So So y'all would cut 33% of what
number?
>> Of the final auction price.
>> Okay. So whatever the hammer price was,
y'all would get 33%
>> correct
>> right off the top of that. So if it sold
for 100, they would get 67. And that
would they pay the fees out of that or
was were there fees?
>> Um,
>> were there fees?
>> No. Let's see. No, that included the
fees. That included the fees, but
auction but auction fees, uh, I don't
remember. Well, back then I don't know
the percentage was not very high.
>> I don't remember it either. It wasn't
near as high, but I don't remember what
it was. And I also remember, dude, do
you remember when you used to have to
pay you used to have to pay your eBay
bill?
>> Man, that was brutal, man. Like you had
>> awful.
>> I mean, you'd have like a great month
and then at the end of the month, you go
open up your and you do $2,800. It's
like, what?
>> That was crazy.
>> Ouch. Well, even before that, in the
90s, uh, like early 90s or I'm late 90s,
early 2000s, I used to get money orders
in the mail,
>> right before you even ship it.
>> Like, you have to ship it until you
receive payment. Right.
>> Yeah. As a matter of fact, back in the
day, like in the late 90s, I didn't have
enough money to buy a digital camera.
So, I would take a Polaroid and I would
scan it into the computer,
>> and that's how I got my pictures in
there.
>> Wow. Yeah, that was the old days.
>> Ryan, that might sound crazy to you.
Like, come on, bro. You can't afford a
camera, but you gota you keep in mind
the time he's talking about
>> big money
>> digital cameras were like $400 or $500
minimum to get to get something decent.
>> Point and shoot was just five or six00
bucks,
>> right?
>> The big ones were two or three,000,
>> right? I had like a just a really
sketchy one that could hold like 12
photos on it or something and like and
it was like $250,
>> right?
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then not only that, not only
that, but and y'all y'all probably did
this. Um whenever you would put your
listing up, Ryan,
if you think it's bad now,
you could not just upload the photos.
You had to upload your photos to like
some other service or like a file
server.
>> Oh man.
>> Like you would have to have your photos
hosted off site
>> and then put put the URL I did. We put
the Did we put the links into the
listing somehow?
>> I don't I don't think so.
>> In the description, I think maybe an
HTML or something.
>> You're right. You're right. or was like
a HTTP or something like or or FTP kind
of like that.
>> It's insane.
>> Yeah. You had to use like image tags and
stuff to like put you like it was so
>> like just listings that had photos were
like a big deal.
>> Oh yeah. It you didn't you didn't list
like 40 items a day back then. You
listed like two
>> because it took so long to get your
pictures. But
>> was the point of like the place that you
worked at just to list stuff and sell
stuff on eBay for people?
>> Yeah, because in the in the middle 2000s
like eBay was a craze. So
>> it was like
>> um
>> Yeah, it was.
>> Don't you know you don't want to sell
your stuff, auction it off through eBay
>> and and then and then like like oneoff
drop off stores started popping up all
over the country. And then there was a
franchise which was I sold it on eBay.
And then these guys, there was two
partners that bought like 10 franchises.
Poor guys. Because they paid a heck of a
lot for that. They I think they paid 100
grand a franchise.
>> They bought at the peak.
>> Yeah. They lost Oh my goodness. They
lost so much money. Anyway, um and
>> it sounds like it sounds like a good
business plan at the time. It sounded
like a can't lose, can't miss, right?
>> It it was, but they had to to to break
even. The break even point was uh 30
grand a month.
>> And uh you just you just can't do that.
Uh especially this where I'm at is kind
of a small town anyway.
>> And so uh you know, Knoxville's the
closest one here. And the store over
there did a little bit almost hit that
number, but but we couldn't not not with
the traffic that we had. But um but
yeah, it was the sole purpose of just
selling people's stuff for them
basically. Basically a consignment
service,
>> right?
>> That uh a full service consignment
basically.
>> All they had to do is drop their stuff
off and that was it.
>> That that is that man I dude if there
was a place if I could get the same
money that I get now, right? Like if if
I got the same money I got now and I
could just drop all this crap off and
then come back and get a check for 67%
of the hammer price.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh yeah, I'll do that.
>> And not do any of the work?
>> Yeah. Well, I'm kind of doing that now
with like wholesale. Like I haven't been
listing a lot, but I have been selling
like um just big chunks of my inventory
at a time.
>> Where are you selling that? Like
locally.
>> Locally here. Yeah. Oh, nice.
>> Yeah. So, yeah, maybe we should back up
a bit and um
>> tell us like not physically back up. I I
think you you I know you did. You were
like, "Okay, next."
Lonnie, what? What? Big deal, dude.
>> Um, however, whatever you're going to
ask, save room for the neighborhood yard
sale story.
>> I do. I do.
>> Okay.
>> We have got to have that story. I love
this story.
>> That's the most diabolical. Ryan, you
think you think you're diabolical or I'm
diabolical?
>> When did this happen?
>> Do I know this, Lori?
>> You probably do. You might.
>> You might. If Lonnie told you. I I
didn't tell them until like our second
127 trip, but it's
>> it's about
>> six or probably five or six years ago.
>> We all heard it then. Maybe
>> I think he did.
though
>> because we all spent the day together in
um Cincinnati.
>> Yeah.
>> At least at least today.
>> But uh No, what I was going what I was
going to ask you to do is just back up
and um tell us who you are. Just give us
a quick like we went launched right into
the combo because we're friends, but
>> Yeah.
>> But like who is this guy?
>> Uh well, my name's Kevin. I'm the
Tennessee Picker on YouTube. Um, I've
been selling uh I've been a reseller
well probably since I was 5 years old,
but I've been a reseller on eBay since
uh 96 when it was auction web. And uh
I've I've always just uh my dad was an
entrepreneur and uh I've done things
from like selling mattresses through
classified ads to
running bowling tournaments to I mean if
you can name it, I've done it. But um uh
but yeah, uh I've been part-time and
full-time uh throughout those 30 years.
Uh probably a little bit more part-time
than full-time. I'm a part-time reseller
right now. Um
>> uh just because uh well there were some
family issues that that happened and so
I just had to get a real job. Uh uh but
I still have a ton of inventory as you
can see. Um but uh yeah, just uh just
love reselling. Um uh when I was doing
YouTube, I really liked it. Um, I I drop
a I drop a video every once in a while
now. Mhm.
>> Uh but uh when I get a chance to spend
some time on it. But uh I I really when
I in 2016 I got really serious and and I
got into YouTube about both the eBay and
YouTube and that's when I started I
didn't realize there was a community uh
like
>> a reseller community and man that that
was like a rocket ship for me anyway. uh
that really uh broadened my horizons and
made me realize that you know there's
there's like-minded people out there and
that you know for the most part I was
the guy be like
there's that dude selling on eBay
>> you kind of you kind of felt like a
weirdo right and you're and now you're
like hey it's all these other people
just like me
>> right
>> well I used to work uh well I still work
at pilot but when I worked there before
before um they had a mail drop. So in I
used to take advantage of that
>> and
>> I would be carrying him big bags of uh
of eBay stuff that I sold and the mail
guy would come around. He'd be like
finally he was like, "Hey, you got to
tell him to quit bringing his packages
in into the office." But yeah, uh but
every time I'd be putting there like
people would walk by and they'd be like,
"Oh, have a good weekend." I was like,
"I did have a good weekend." And I'll
just be piling it up on there.
>> Man, leave it to you. You leave it to
somebody at USPS to complain about just
what being asked to do their job.
>> This was an employee of the company.
>> Oh,
>> this was the mail guy.
>> Wait,
>> we This was the mail the our mail guy.
The
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah,
>> that's pretty diabolical. That's
>> He had a cart. He just had a cart and
because of me, he started bringing one
of those big big bins that you see at
the Goodwill. He'd have to he'd have to
uh tote that thing down the elevator and
roll it over to the thing and I would
have like 10 20 pack
and he would get mad used to he would
I'd have to pack them good because he
would go and just
>> So if he could survive that guy then it
was good to go after that. So, typically
this guy's job would look like bringing
a few letters to the post office and
maybe an occasional box, but because you
work there, he had to carry
>> Yeah.
>> Well, after about after about four three
or four months, he he he
>> he told the supervisor, he's like, "Hey,
I can't I can't do this. I can't keep
getting his stuff." So,
>> but yeah. Uh but yeah, uh
they would uh they would um people be
like so and most of the time in passing
they'd be like, "Oh, have a good
weekend." I was like, "Yep." And then
some people would stop and be like, "So,
what are you selling?" And so I would
get to actually talk about,
>> you know, right,
>> the stuff that I go out and buy stuff at
yard sales and resell it on on eBay and
stuff. And man, in 2016,
uh, our thrift stores around here, I
guess, had not been I don't know, it had
they were they were virgin thrift stores
cuz, man, as soon as I started
>> as soon as I started, I was like picking
stuff. I could not believe the stuff I
was picking out of those places. within
the first month doing it part-time,
uh I think my first month um was about
$7,000 uh in sales on eBay.
>> Wow, that's crazy.
>> That's a lot.
>> Okay.
>> For a part- timerr.
>> Yeah.
>> That's a Dude, it it used to be like
that. Um
like I would routinely go into thrift
stores and find just gems on the shelf
and that doesn't happen that much
anymore. I kind of hit the tail end of
that when I first started.
>> Yeah,
>> I started in like
>> I started I think like 2018, but like I
started on YouTube in 2019. And when we
would go to thrift stores, we would
actually find good stuff. And then like
probably shortly after that, maybe like
the next year, 2020, is when thrifts
like dried up around here. I don't know
if it was like that nationwide, but
seemed like, you know, after 2019, it
was like the end of the thrift era. It
was kind of the same for and then like
as I continued I noticed garage sales
did the same. I don't know what the
garage sale market looks like now
>> for you guys.
>> But like when I was doing it it was like
a steady decline.
>> I saw that same thing, that same trend,
Ryan.
>> And I did I have not really seen a huge
rebound
>> from COVID.
>> Yeah.
>> Yet. Yet until I Let me tell y'all this
and let me see what you think about
this, Kevin.
This garage sale season for us has just
begun. We've been in it for a couple
weeks now.
>> It has been on fire.
>> You've been killing it, bro.
>> Killing like straight killing it. Like
buying so much we can't like it feels
like 10 years ago except with good
stuff. And I know what I'm doing this
time.
>> Well, that's like on Saturday you me you
texted me at like 3:00 or 4 in the
afternoon. And you're like, "We just
finished buying." I'm like, "What?"
Yeah.
>> Like, "What?
>> That's awesome."
>> Yeah. And I I think there might be I
think it might be two things. I think
people weren't selling at garage near as
much at garage sales for during CO and
even after CO. And I think we're
starting to see those sellers come back.
And I think a lot of the resellers that
hopped in during COVID are gone.
>> Yeah. I've already bought like two or
three resellers uh inventory.
>> Yeah.
>> And which is crazy. I don't need it
>> because you because you're trying to
sell yours,
>> right? Right. Right. But
>> so that's why you're selling uh
wholesale right now.
>> Well, yeah. The hope is to get back to
to
Well, I don't know. Um, so in when I
first rented this office, shortly after
um, well, when I went No, I think I did.
Yeah. As soon as shortly after I got
this office, I hired my sister-in-law
>> to take pictures and then it it started
just getting bigger and bigger and um, I
hired my nephew to list.
>> Wow. And uh um it uh
um then I went full-time in 2020
and man, it was killing it there for a
while and then um and then
it's like you it's Yeah. Uh well, even
2021 was really good. Um but like the
popularity of it, especially around
here, like uh uh other resellers were
pop. I mean like they were I was seeing
resellers everywhere like they were
going we were going after the same thing
and and all that stuff. So
>> when you were going into CO you were
probably positioned pretty well because
you already had a ton of inventory.
>> Yes. Oh yeah.
>> So if you had inventory during CO you
were set because people were buying. The
problem was trying to those that didn't
have inventory trying to acquire new
inventory wasn't so easy.
>> Right. Well uh yeah. Um that year was
unbelievable. Um cuz I had like I had
stockpiled uh one of the fastest selling
things was uh video game consoles and I
had stockpiled like I don't know I had
>> and
>> the one that were only you know I
thought were only worth $40 or $50. Well
during co they were going for 150 and
200 bucks. Everybody was cooped up in
their house and they wanted to have some
of that nostalgia.
>> Right. Right.
>> Yep.
>> Wow.
>> I didn't Man, that that's true. I mean,
dude, CO was so hard and it was so bad.
I don't even like thinking about it or
like think like like really dissecting
what happened during that time too much.
But yeah, that makes sense that you were
perfectly positioned because I remember
how much stuff you you have two of
those. You're the office you're in.
Isn't it a It's an
>> Well,
>> is it just an office or is it old hotel
or am I thinking of something else? What
am I thinking of?
>> It could have been. No, it's just u
basically it's just a 20 by 30 with a
bathroom.
>> Um
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Um but
>> pretty good size
>> about uh Yeah, it's 600 square f feet
and and I used to have the second unit
office right beside it.
>> Yeah.
>> That was another 600 square f feet. But
when I started renting here in 2017,
well, rent has almost tripled. Uh,
>> really?
>> So, I got I got rid of the second one.
And that's why you're seeing a lot of
inventory in here.
>> I had like didn't you weren't you paying
like $300 or something stupid like that
before?
>> It was 400.
>> 400. Yeah, it was it was cheap. It was
very worth it to have this out of my
house and and uh
>> Absolutely. That's not bad at all.
>> I mean, I'm only one minute from my
house, though. I mean, it's essentially
just right across the the field here, so
>> Oh, that's nice.
>> Oh, that's nice. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> okay.
>> It's it's it's like working from home.
But yeah, rent got so high uh that I was
like, okay. Uh, and at the time I was
uh, so I've been out of it about a year
and at the time I had started back
working. So I had always used YouTube to
pay my rent. Rent uh, YouTube always
>> paid the utilities and rent and
everything.
>> And uh, so the slowdown on YouTube uh,
you know, I was having to pay the rent
out of my pocket. So
>> it's a double whammy. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Rent went up and you didn't have the
same revenue you had.
>> Yeah. So, I was like, "Okay, I'm going
to consolidate down." And um luckily
I've sold like
over the years I've sold the whole I've
sold the whole both offices before of
inventory. Like one guy came in with one
money and bought it all and I loaded on.
>> I've started over twice.
>> So when when that happened when you did
that, did you still make money? Like if
Okay. If you don't factor in the fact
that you've been storing the stuff or
whatever, if you just look at like the
buy price, do you think you still made
money on the stuff when you sold it in
bulk or not?
>> Yeah, I made money. Uh,
>> wow.
>> Um, I mean, it's it it's not as much as
if I had listed every single piece,
>> of course.
>> But I buy pretty I mean I buy pretty
good. Uh I'm a pretty good buyer when it
comes to, you know, most of this stuff
has come from yard sales and and uh uh
thrift stores and estate sales and all
that stuff. So, uh I'm I'm pretty sure
that most of the most of the big big
stuff uh I've sold and made the profit
off that and that's what's you know paid
for all that stuff. So,
>> what did you feel like when both times
when you when you did that? Like when
all the stuff was gone, were you like
>> good question.
>> Ah, this is great. Or or were you like
were you sitting there counting the
money
>> or were you kind of like
>> now what felt empty?
Like what's it feel like after doing
something?
>> I had already planned a picking trip. Um
>> uh and uh uh this time and and it it's
happened every time. I'm like, "Okay,
I'm only going to buy high quality
stuff. I'm going to get a high average
selling price.
>> I'm not going to buy this other stuff.
>> And I'm so
>> obsessed with um like rinsing all the
profit out of every item that I buy that
I ended up with a another
>> just another, you know, office full of
stuff just rearranged differently.
So,
if if you want to see uh how much stuff
I had the first time, John has a video
about five years ago.
>> Um I thought I had it pulled up. It's
called I love
>> He came down here and picked my office.
>> Oh, wow.
>> I want to come pick it right now, but I
don't need stuff either.
>> Well,
and uh it shows it shows how much
inventory I had. Remember, Lonnie, um,
when I first went full-time, there was a
lady that had a warehouse full of toys,
like brand new toys.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And I bought
>> You killed it.
>> That's why I rented the second unit
because I couldn't fit it in here.
>> And, uh, it took me like I couldn't get
a U-Haul, so it took me like 10 trips to
bring in my truck at the time that I
had. It took me 10 trips just to fill up
that hole.
>> How far was it? How far?
>> About an hour away.
>> Oh my god.
So, it probably took you like a week.
>> 20 hours.
>> Yeah.
>> Not Not including the loading.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Took me about I don't know,
three days because I
>> Three days.
>> Yeah. They gave me a key and so uh I
just I just did it. I just from 5:30 in
the morning till 7 o'clock at night. I
just was going back and forth.
>> Dude, that must have been exhausting.
>> How did that feel?
>> How did that That must have felt great
though. Like I know I know nobody wants
to drive that long for that, you know.
But man, that must have felt good
knowing that you were driving all that
money back home.
>> Oh, yeah. I was whistling the whole
time, man. I was
>> Yeah,
>> I No. And like I was a lot more
motivated back then, too. So, uh uh I
was uh I was I was really hyped up
getting all that. I could I couldn't
believe that I got that that good of a
score.
>> So, have you lost your motivation? What
What's going on? It's not as exciting or
or
>> No, no, no. Uh, it's not that. Well, I
think I got complacent also.
>> You know, we work alone uh when you're
full-time. Well, you don't anymore, but
you know what it was like to work
>> alone out there. And sometimes you get
complacent. Um, you know,
>> be like, "Well, I'll just watch another
video before I start listing or um or
you know what, I'm a little sleepy.
Before I start shipping, I'll take me a
little nap." And uh and also
um about I don't know I lost my help um
probably in 23.
>> So to go back to taking pictures and to
go back to listing again
>> you lost both help.
>> Yeah.
>> Both help at the same Oh man.
>> Yeah. And so
>> you're back to doing literally
everything.
>> Yes. Back to And so I was
>> overwhelmed with a bunch of things
coming.
>> Oh my goodness. Yeah. And when you have
a lot of inventory, it's really easy to
get overwhelmed. And uh
>> and I would be taking pictures and I'd
be like, man,
>> stuck at this or
>> right
when the reality is when you're in that
spot, because I've been in that spot a
bunch of times, too, where you're just
like, actually, I'm there now.
>> Um
>> the reality is if you just keep on
taking bites out of it, it will be gone
unless you buy more. But it does work
like like dude, all you got to do, you
know, list 20 things a day or whatever
it is and after at the end of a month,
you've listed 600 items.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
>> and and I was doing that, but then um
like like I said, I have some f I had
some like my mother got really sick and
she passed away like a year and a half
ago. But during that time, it was like
um it was uh my focus was drawn away to
something else,
>> of course. Uh, and then when I didn't
have help, it was like, okay, I don't
have enough hours in the day to do all
this. And so,
>> uh, yeah. So, I'm I may have got a
little discouraged and may have got a
little lost my motivation a little bit
there.
>> Totally get it, man.
>> It happens. And as a matter of fact,
it's a great segue. We were going to
talk about this. I didn't know where we
were going to fit this in because Ryan
and I have been talking about what
you're talking about right there.
>> We were talking about this tonight
before we even came on here.
You wanna you want to lead this one off,
Ryan? You want just
>> uh like how do you want to go?
>> I don't even I don't even know how
>> I don't even know. I don't I don't
either.
>> It's kind of painful. But okay, let let
me let me just tell you what's going on.
I I stopped running about I don't know
over a month. I haven't run in over a
month. And Ryan and I were used were
talking about running every day and
running every day and you know doing
great and everything. and I the weather
or something and I haven't run and need
to start back up very soon. But but then
Ryan reaches out. We haven't even been
talking about running because it's this
awkward thing because I haven't been
doing it. Ryan's still been doing it.
And go ahead. You take it. You take this
whole part from here, Ryan. Because
>> So I I've still I've I've still been
running as well. Um but not at the level
that like I'm content with. And I'm
supposed to be running a half marathon
next Sunday
>> and I did a training run yesterday
and uh I I failed. I couldn't finish it
of what I was supposed to do and I was
like I'm going to quit. I'm done. Like I
was so I was so pissed, right? And uh
it's just it but like so this is what
we're getting at here.
It's not because I've been lazy
necessarily, which it kind of is a
little bit, right? I don't think so.
>> And same with Lonnie though. But like
our focus has been on and this is kind
of swinging back to what we're just
talking about Kevin what you brought up
is our focus has been been on other
things. Like we have all these things,
>> right?
>> And not enough hours in the day,
>> You know,
>> are or we we claim there aren't enough.
>> True. True. That's the thing. That's the
thing. So, it's it's
>> I think there are.
>> Yeah. No, there absolutely are. You're
right. Um that's
>> well you can burn yourself out that way
too because uh true
>> I've worked 14 hour days. Uh I know what
that's like and
>> if you don't really really love what
you're doing uh for that amount of time
that's an easy burnout. I mean and easy
way to burn yourself out quickly.
>> Yeah. I'm not saying you should fill all
those hours in day but I I do think you
can do it.
>> I don't know if I'm capable of doing it
but but I interrupted Ryan. Keep going.
>> Oh, no. I was just saying like, you
know, it's tough to balance all of the
things on your plate and you can get so
overwhelmed to a point where you don't
want to do any of it.
>> So, you don't want to get there. Right.
>> Right. And I'm at a point right now, and
I think Lonnie, you're kind of in the
same same
kind of realm, but like we're we're
being very productive, but the thing the
things that we're neglecting,
we feel super guilty about, which
>> we should feel guilty about it,
>> but but not too guilty, right? But it's
that again, it's that balance of like
you don't want to make excuses for
yourself.
Right?
>> You know, you know, this is really hard
to explain, but it is. I know exactly
what you guys are talking about.
>> Because what what what happens with me
and this has been this has been my
problem for a long time. And Ry probably
Ryan to a lesser degree, but like
whatever the flavor of my day is, I'm
all in and like 100% all in on that. And
lately for me, it's actually been,
believe it or not, I've been more into
eBay
>> than anything. I've been enjoy just
loving selling on eBay again, which I
haven't been like I have always liked
it, but I like it more right now. It's
been like really satisfying or
something.
>> But anytime my focus shifts, then
something else drops off. It's like when
I add something in, something else goes
away every time. It's like whack-a- mole
>> and I'm always whacking a mole and
another one pops up and I got to whack
it
>> and I can't like simultaneously
softfully whack all of them at the same
time to where it doesn't become a
problem. That's what I really want to
do.
>> Yeah.
>> I know, man. And I and and what I'm what
I'm I'm going to try something though
cuz I've never been like a schedule guy
or checklist guy or any of that. And
I've been seeing this stupid ad on
Facebook
for a couple of months now. It's for I
Ryan, I sent you a screenshot earlier.
>> Targeted ad.
>> It It's working because I'm going to buy
whatever this is.
>> It's called I forget.
>> It's called um I sent it to you earlier.
Oh, but then we talked a bunch after.
>> Yeah, we're talking uh Mindset Stack.
>> Yeah, Mindset Stack. And basically what
it is, it's a plugin for a spreadsheet
for like Google Sheets or Excel.
>> And you can set it up with all your
tasks for your week that you have to get
done and like, you know, whatever it is.
Like I'm going to ship every day and
list every day. I don't have to worry
about that stuff. It's the other stuff.
It's the exercising.
>> It's
ordering shipping supplies timely and
not ordering when I run out of a box.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, um it's it's getting
>> it's getting Facebook content up,
>> Tik Tok, Instagram,
>> YouTube,
>> YouTube's I I'm I have another I have a
third you I have another YouTube project
I want to get started too involving 3D
printing. Uh so what
>> this show is a one. Yeah,
>> but this is gonna happen. I don't have
to put that on any kind of checklist
because this is happen.
>> Yeah.
>> But but you know I can put uh items
about like booking guests or reviewing
the bookings
>> and things like that. Other prep work
>> or um Oh, also Kevin, I'm gonna fill you
in on something. I know I'm talking a
lot right now. I'm gonna
>> No, you're you're good, babe.
>> And then I'll shut up. But, uh, we are
going to be releasing
a, um, inner circle magnet soon that
we're going to send out to everyone. And
the only way you're going to be able to
get it is if you're in the inner circle.
You won't be able to buy your way into
this magnet.
>> Hit join below.
>> That's right. But, uh, yeah, I'm going
to try this. I'll let y'all know how
this goes. Um, but I'm going to try this
thing. And what it does, you set up all
these all your tasks, right?
And then as you check them off, little
graphs move up and they have dials that
move around and you can make 100%,
you know, and
>> and I'm hope what I'm hoping is that if
I gamify all this stuff,
then maybe I can do it.
>> Well, I'm like you. I've never been a
I've never been a plan. So the two
things that I'm good at reselling and
and designing I've done for 30 years and
it's a second nature
>> which is can be a bad thing too. So or
also and uh because I'll get stuck in my
ways of doing doing the same thing over
and over again. Like when I was doing
eBay, first thing I do come in, pull my
orders, get those orders ready to go.
Mhm.
>> Uh test a few, you know, VCRs or
whatever and then take my photographs
and and then uh you know, go grab some
lunch, come back, do some listings, and
then go source or or you know, whatever
it is. But it was the same thing. Just
the almost the same thing every day.
>> Yep.
>> And and same with designing. The way
that I've drawn is the same way that
I've drawn since I started back in 1996.
So Wow.
>> So is that I don't think I've ever asked
you that before. Is that what you do for
your full-time job? Mhm. Uh I'm an
architectural draftsman.
>> Yeah. And
>> I work for Pilot uh designing their
travel center.
>> That's cool.
>> Yeah. I wanted to ask you about that,
too, because I I knew that and
>> you left the you left there.
>> Yes.
>> And then you you went back. How did that
go?
>> How did that go when you how did you
call them hat in hand and say uh how did
that how did that work out? No, it
happened by accident actually. Um, so,
uh, when so to add to the, you know,
some of the family stuff that was
happening, my mentally and my health
was, uh, I've had some problems as well.
Maybe not mentally, but more like health
stuff like my blood sugar. I was
pre-diabetic. Now I'm a type two
diabetic.
>> Oh, and so that's really hard to treat.
>> Is that injections and everything?
>> No, type one is injections. Type two is
kind of worse because you don't have
insulin to take if it shoots high
>> and the only way to bring your blood
sugar down is to exercise and drink a
lot of water
>> and so and not eat anything and uh and
so
>> you're not good at any of that are you?
>> No.
So, so uh I was letting it go untreated
um more than I had let my doctor know
and it started uh it started affecting
me here. So, I was like, "Okay,
well, maybe instead of having physical
stuff to do every day, like shipping and
worrying about, you know, if I'm going
to make rent or, you know, selling
enough stuff to to whatever,
uh, maybe I'll look around and see if
anybody's hiring." Well, I got a
contract job um for a little while. And
so, Oak Ridge is where the, you know,
that's where the the atomic bomb was was
built, right? you know that really know
that.
>> Yeah. And Oakidge is about an hour uh uh
west of Knoxville. So,
>> I thought you were going to mention the
Oakidge Boys and I was going to be like,
"Oh, yeah. I've heard of them."
>> I think like one of the ones of the ones
they dropped or like
>> Yeah, the Manhattan Project was in was
in Oakidge.
>> Oh, okay. I didn't know that.
>> Yeah,
>> I didn't either.
>> Uh so they have a nuclear facility over
there and and um they uh
>> they needed you. They needed you. Well,
they they they are always hiring and um
like you can't get on uh if you're if
you're not if you don't have Q
clearance, you can't get on with the
actual nuclear facility, but there's a
lot of little companies that you can go
work for on contract basis.
>> Uh and and then if you want to work your
way through all those little guys to get
to the nuclear nuclear facility, well
then you can and get your clearance, you
can do it that way. Well, I saw one of
their listings, so I took a contract job
uh with them for a little while. And uh
but I had to drive there uh and it was
an hour an hour and 20 minutes one way.
>> Whoa. So,
>> uh they only worked four days a week,
thank goodness. But like after the it
was only a nine-month contract, so I was
like, "All right, I'm not I'm not going
to do this anymore." So, I decided to
come back and do eBay again. But
>> what what was that doing? Was it doing
drafting work?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it was doing design sound
work for a uh they were building a
lithium
>> processing facility and uh so I was on
the the architectural side of a portion
of that building.
>> Um
>> okay.
>> And uh so anyway,
>> in doing that I had revamped my resume
and uh I had put it on Indeed and after
working there I was like okay I want
something remote. I don't want to do,
>> you know, I don't want to do uh I don't
want to do anything where I'm having to
drive in. So,
>> uh it was just floating around out there
and they had an opening and my uh so the
guy that's the two fellas that are over
the departments were my co-workers back
then. Anyway, so
>> my buddy saw it. He was like, "Hey,
>> we just our recruiter just pulled your
resume off of Indeed,
>> right?"
And he was like, "Do you want to come
back?" And I was like, "Do you want me
to come back?" He's like, "I don't know.
Would you be willing?" I mean, it was
like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, so uh uh we had we had a few
discussions and uh then I was like, "Are
the are the higherups okay for me coming
back?" He's like, "Yeah, I think so."
So,
>> so when you left, what did you give two
weeks and all that good stuff when you
left or anything?
>> Um, well, at the time they had sent
everybody home to work remotely. So,
basically it was like a email.
>> Uh, so I didn't think that it was, you
know, on that great of uh uh
>> terms, but I mean uh they they let that
go and and actually brought me back as
uh they didn't bring me back as a new
hire. They gave me my full benefits and
everything when I
>> Wow. Did they Did they give you your
same pay or a little bump or did you
have to work for less or what?
>> No, no, no, no. I was like, well, I told
them I was like that was one of my
conditions. I was like, I am not coming
back for what I was making before. It'll
have to be
>> Oh,
>> wow. So, you played it
>> kind of. Well, I don't know. I still
think I'm under market value, but
>> Right. I mean, I guess you played it in
so far as that you are an expert in your
field that is worth the money. So, I
guess you're not really playing
anything,
>> right? Plus, they could plug me in and
take right off in projects.
>> Exactly. You had the leverage there for
sure. You definitely had the leverage.
Yeah, makes sense.
>> However, and I'm remote, so I work out
of here, uh, basically. So, I still
stare at my inventory every day. I'm
just designing. I got two monitors over
here that I work off of. So, so you're
very very um disciplined about Okay. No,
I will not work on my eBay stuff because
I am on company time right now. Is that
that's how you play it, right? Yeah.
>> Yeah. I have a mouse wiggler over here
then.
>> But you're kidding. If anybody watches
this,
>> I have a mouse. Everybody's looking up
mouse wiggler right now. I know.
But uh
I I kind of got the feeling from talking
to you about your job in the past that
they don't really it's not much it's not
as much of a a clock in clock out. I
mean I know it kind of maybe kind of is
but it's more of a are you producing the
work or not. Right.
>> Right. It's project driven and deadline
driven. Um
>> each each project that that we're giving
uh we're given is a timed project and
they set a date like 60 days out or
whatever and we have like pre-esigned
kickoffs and
>> we have milestones that we have to hit
along those ways and
>> uh it's a very um I mean it's a very
high uh stress. I mean I work I mean
it's yeah you have to hit your
deadlines. Uh
>> Mhm.
>> that's one of the reasons why I looked
at doing something before working for
myself.
>> But it's not so bad being in not being
in the office. Uh because when I used to
work in the office, I would get bothered
every 10 minutes by be like, "Hey, are
you done yet? Hey, are you done yet?
Have you got this?"
>> So, it's not like that near as bad this
time, but it's still a very um
uh like you there's still the stress
there. uh and that you know that your
milestone or deadlines coming up.
>> Do you have meet a lot of meetings
during the day like Zoom type meetings?
>> Yes.
>> So many
>> and probably most of them are well you
don't have to answer this but most of
them are probably pointless.
>> Uh I can neither confirm nor deny.
>> Right. Right.
>> You probably have some design type
meetings where y'all talk about like you
know the actual design and stuff I guess
maybe.
>> Yeah. Well, when I was there before, we
were designing brand new ones, like from
ground up.
>> Now, we're remodeling all the old ones.
Um, so it's a little different. Um,
>> we we have one in here in Denim Springs
that y'all need to move or something.
It's It's in the worst. It causes so
much traffic. It's in a bad place. The
trucks The trucks have a hard time
getting in and out. You need to come to
Denim Springs and redo ours. I don't
even know what Pilot is. What What is
that?
>> Uh, they're a truck stop company
basically.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Pilot and Flying J. It might be Flying J
up there or another brand is Navy.
>> No, I haven't heard of any of those.
Interesting.
>> Is there a Loves up there? Or
>> Nope.
>> How about TM?
>> They don't have Loves.
>> No,
>> man. We I've seen all of these, Kevin,
except for that one. the one that had
like just a number or something. I never
heard of that one. TA TA. Oh, no. I've
heard of that one.
>> Yeah.
>> But there's another one earlier.
>> One N.
>> Yeah, that one. I don't know what that
>> That's Pix Express brand. They're a
smaller store. They're on smaller
highways. Uh
>> Oh, okay.
>> We put a lot of those in the fracking
area in Texas. Um back
>> that's like that's like a neighborhood
Walmart
>> kind of. Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Pretty much.
>> Um
>> that's that's pretty cool. Um,
>> that makes sense though because I
remember
>> I remember when we were in Cincinnati,
we were I think we were having like
breakfast or something. You were with us
and I was talking to you
>> and we got talking about concrete.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And you knew you knew a lot about
concrete because that's the world I'm
in. And I'm like
>> I was kind of blown away by that because
like I don't like ever encounter anybody
that other than people I work with that
know about concrete and you did. So that
was interesting. That makes a lot of
sense now because I don't think I at
least I don't remember asking you what
you did for work at the time. So,
>> he he's just a concrete he's just a
concrete hobbyist.
>> Go down concrete rabbit holes.
>> So, do you have to know like the
structural integrity of like certain
types of concrete for your job or you
just know it because of like, you know,
being in the
>> Well, I know it because
>> um I'm sorry, Ryan. I didn't mean to
interrupt you guys. Sorry if I keep
interrupting. Um,
>> no.
>> But, uh, uh, I used to work for an
architect. Like one of my first jobs was
an architect. So, we designed a lot of
residential uh, homes
>> and we could do the we designed the
foundations for those. Uh, so like
>> that makes sense.
>> An architect was licensed to do up to
like 20,000 square feet of footing as
long as it wasn't above, you know, two
stories or whatever.
>> Okay. Yep. So, uh, otherwise you'd have
to involve a structural engineer.
>> Engineer.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Y'all probably work off of templates a
lot of times on stuff like that, huh? I
would think. Like, okay, I need
>> Yeah. Uh, we have a Well, so
uh we have a lot of uh templates for um
uh well, how our pages are set up too
because we have like there. So for the I
draw the architectural set. We have
about 30 pages for the architectural and
then I coordinate
the uh what's called the MEP and
structural. MEP is mechanical,
electrical, plumbing and then
structural. So all those engineers I
have to send them my stuff and then we
have to coordinate that all together
>> and produce the final set. Not to
mention the site and the um uh the uh
civil engineer as well. And they
probably have they probably review it,
make changes, send it back. You gota
>> and then y'all probably send it back a
few time back and forth a couple times
at least, huh?
>> Yeah, we have a coordination milestone
um that we uh I we get their drawings
and then like cause especially if we
move like so all the HVAC units are on
the roof. So,
>> right,
>> if we're moving those uh they're up
there on on uh ballast basically on on
curbs. They're called steel curbs. So,
we've got to coordinate the relocation
of those HVAC units uh from uh
mechanical with structural to make sure
that we can set those in a specific
>> place on the roof and and stuff like
that. But yeah, it's uh I love it and
sometimes I hate it. Um
>> Right. So, uh,
>> then
>> you think you might end up you think you
might end up full-time reselling again?
>> I would like to be. Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. That's I kind of got the vi that
vibe there.
>> Yeah. Um, I mean, that's always the
goal. I mean, I I hate I cannot stand
the fact that I think that I failed at
it at being a full-time reseller.
>> I don't think you failed, though.
>> No.
>> Well, I don't know. In my mind, I felt
like that. Plus, I don't know. I I I
feel like I have to redeem myself. And
uh but
it's it's hard that it's such a good
job, a good paying job that it's really
hard to maintain that level
>> of profit when you don't know what I
mean. You can have all the knowledge in
the world of products and know what it's
worth, but getting that out of it in a
timely manner and and you know,
reselling is cash flow. It's all the
time cash flow. You got you get it in,
you get it out. Hopefully, you siphon
enough off to, you know, live and live
comfortably. Sometimes you do, sometimes
you don't. Uh, you know,
I think what you did, Lonnie, was a
great
>> when you when you work when you bought
your own shed and put it out there to
where you had a place to
uh focus, like you can walk out of your
house and walk in there. You can spend
as much time as you want to in there.
>> I think that was that was a great move.
Uh, as as a matter of fact, I would like
to do that instead of having this shop
down here. The reason I got this, it was
cheap. It was so cheap. I I mean, it was
it was worth it, you know.
>> It was close to your house, too, like
you said.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. $400, that's a no-brainer. I
wouldn't even be tempted at all to build
anything or get a shed or anything
because then you also have You don't
have to worry about maintenance or any
of that stuff, you know?
>> And there is something you say it's nice
to just walk out and go to work.
Sometimes it ain't.
>> You know what I mean? Right.
>> Cuz sometimes I feel like sometimes I
feel like
>> like, you know, well, I could walk over
there and do some work or I could not,
you know, like it's hard.
>> It's hard to it's hard to actually be
off.
>> You know what I'm like? Oh, I know. I
know.
>> Cuz I'm down here almost all the time.
So, like I'll just be I'll be working
for pilot and I'll be walking to the
bathroom and I'll see something I
haven't saw in a little bit and I'll be
like, "Oh, let's see how much that's
worth." Then I start pulling stuff off
my shelves and like, "Oh man, I got to
quit thinking about this. I got to, you
know, I got to
>> Right."
>> So, how do you do So, how do you manage
your time? Like, how much time do you
spend on your day job versus how much
time do you spend on reselling? Well, I
mean, right now on reselling, it's it's
pretty I mean, other than sourcing,
uh, it's pretty negligible. Um, like
maybe two or three hours a week because
I spend probably, I don't know, I work
55, 60 hours for pilot. Um,
>> Wow.
>> Uh,
>> do you have like a set schedule with
them or is it kind of just like Okay.
Yeah, they expect you to be there uh or
to be on between 8 and 5, but I start at
like I don't know, sometimes it's 5:30,
sometimes it's 6:30,
>> and then I'll be here till 7:30, 8:00 at
night. So,
>> wow.
>> Is that kind of expected?
>> Um
>> like do other people in your role kind
of do the same thing?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, we all we all do. Um,
>> yeah, cuz we we voiced that concern be
like, you know,
>> they want to measure how long it takes
to do a set of drawings, but you can't
really measure it because everybody's
working over
40 man hours. I mean, you you can't it's
it's too hard to say. And uh but they
keep wanting things earlier and earlier
and and uh I mean we have no choice but
to do what we have to do to to get it
done. So
>> and that and that makes you feel that
makes you feel bad too because you're
over there like busting your busting
your back trying to do a good job and
they keep telling you it's not enough.
It's not enough.
>> Yeah, it feels like that sometimes. But
my boss knows that. We all we've all
they are very open to listen to us. Oh,
that's good. That's good.
>> So, um until it comes to the anonymous
survey, but um
um no, they they they've heard our
concerns and and unlike before, they are
making trying to make efforts to try to
make it better for everybody. So,
>> well, this wasn't supposed to be about
pilot, but I'll ask one more. Um
>> whenever you do work more hours, do you
get more money?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah, they
>> salaried or hourly.
>> No, no, no. If they put me on salary, I
would lose money.
>> Right. Exactly.
>> Um, yeah. Uh, oh, and uh I don't know if
you remember this, Lonnie, a few years
ago, uh, we were, uh, when I still when
I worked at Pilot before, Jimmy Hasslam
was the owner. they he don't own it
anymore. But anyway, we were in a group
chat and uh we were it was morning time
or whatever. And I was like, "Well,
>> the owner of our company just gave us
free coffee." And uh because the Browns
won. And he was like, "He must like the
Browns." And I said, "Well, I hope so.
He bought them." And you were like,
"What are you talking about?" And I was
like, "The Jimmy Hasslam is is the guy
that owns Pilot. He just bought he he
had purchased the Browns like the year
before." So,
>> wow. So, he owned Pilot
>> and and the Browns. Interesting. Wow.
>> Yeah. Now, now, uh, Bergkshire Hathaway
owns it.
>> Oh, totally. Completely.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> They own Pilot.
>> Yeah. Pilot's like a $25 billion a year
company.
>> Jimmy,
>> I didn't know that when I started for
them.
>> I thought they were a local gas. I
thought they were local gas.
I didn't know how they were going to
keep me busy.
>> Ryan didn't even know they existed.
>> No,
>> I know. I couldn't believe that.
>> No, I don't think I've ever seen one.
It's a truck stop.
>> Yeah, it's a like in the south. There's
one exit on the interstate. That's where
they spe specializes building them on um
exits on inter. I can be at one in like
five minutes, Ryan, because I live not
too far from the interstate exit.
>> We don't have a lot of We don't have a
lot of truck stops around here
>> like at all.
>> Not a lot of uh lot of shipping industry
up there. Maybe.
>> Well, you got to remember he's on the
edge. He's on the edge. I'm in the
middle of I 10. You know what I mean?
Like it's coming across.
>> He's on the end route. So, he don't see
all that. like he's he's on the
capillary or whatever you you know like
it was I'm on an artery here.
>> Yeah, that's for sure.
>> Um but yeah, there there's probably um
Pilot and Flying J locations. I think
there's 700 locations across the United
States.
>> Wow.
>> And then a few smatterings of sea stores
here and there.
Well, Kevin, I don't want I don't want
you to get away from us without telling
the story, your diabolical story of how
you
>> I've been waiting for this.
>> Okay. All right. So, uh All right. So, I
I live where I live, there's two
highways that there's a main highway and
then there's two two-lane highways that
perpendicular that. Uh, I live on the
right side of the main highway, but that
the two-lane one is 16 miles this way,
and then I've got another one that's 16
miles the other way. There's they're
just loaded with neighborhoods. And so,
I don't have to make a I don't have to
make a list of yard sales. I just get up
and start driving on Friday morning and
Saturday morning, and I'll hit five or
six this way and seven or eight that
way. Well, so there was a neighborhood
right down the road for me. They're
they're great for one or two yard sales
every weekend, but they never ever have
a neighborhood yard sale. I was like, I
know there's houses in there that never
had a yard sale before because, you
know, yard sale in the same area over
and over, you know, the houses that
you've been to year after year or every
six months or whatever. So, I was like,
you know what? I think I'll help him
have a neighborhood yard sale. So,
uh, I made a flyer as if I lived in the
neighborhood that said, "Hey guys, let's
rally together and have a neighborhood
yard sale."
>> And, uh, I used
>> So, in AutoCAD, I went and drew their
letterhead,
>> the neighborhood logo or whatever on the
letter.
And then um so I don't know if you know
this, but at the post office you can do
bulk mail and you can just pick certain
a certain amount of addresses. So I
pinpointed that neighborhood and I
mailed out the flyer to everybody that
was in there with a date
and crazy. And um
so not only that, I suggested everyone,
it was in the summertime, so I suggested
that everyone start at 7 a.m., but 7
a.m. around here is not a typical time
to start. So I did that.
>> Smart.
>> Um so I didn't know if it would work or
how many people would do it. And mind
you, this neighborhood probably has 250
300 houses in it. And uh so
>> you got you got me crying, bro. You got
me crying. Keep going. I'm sorry.
>> That morning uh Oh, and so I didn't
advertise it. I didn't advertise
>> obviously.
>> Yeah. Uh I just, you know, uh but I mean
it wasn't like no one would ever go yard
selling in there because that's a
neighborhood that everybody hits. I mean
there's always one or two in there,
>> but not till 8 a.m.
>> Right. Usually. and and usually there's
a sign and uh so someone eventually put
out a yard sale sign but it wasn't me
but like so like
>> allegedly
>> yeah this is all um anyway conjecture um
so that morning about 6:30 every like I
went in there and like by 8:30 I had so
my shop was just down the road this
office was just right down I had I had
filled up my car probably three times
before anybody else was in that
neighborhood.
>> You're just in the neighborhood should
be starting any minute.
>> So, so
now they've had So, I just did that
once. They have it the same time every
year. I did that their annual yard sale.
>> So, now it's
>> They have no idea,
>> right?
>> No clue.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's not the only one. I've done
two or three more now, too. So,
>> that's that's actually smart, though.
Like, it's the smartest thing I've ever
heard of.
>> Well, I also used to do Okay, this is
bad.
>> I also, and I don't do this anymore. I
used to do diversion yard sales on
Facebook.
>> Oh, god. No.
>> So, I had
>> I don't know if Are you sure you want to
tell people that you did?
>> I don't do it anymore. I don't think
they would recognize it. my my uh my uh
uh anonymous Facebook uh character, his
name was Ron Weston. So
anymore, but I would do So So Lonnie,
you know, here
>> there's mountains that are like that are
right next to the parkway, but it takes
30 minutes to get up the mountain. So, I
would pick an address on top of the
mountain
>> and then I would have
>> I would have uh screenshots of like toy
collection, video game collections and
vintage t-shirt collections and I would
be like, "No, early birds.
You might contact me." But this this
was way back whenever the competition
was starting to get, you know, there was
a lot of the young kids coming in and
buying all the stuff. Yeah, I would post
one once a month on a on a different uh
profile, Facebook profile. Uh especially
when I knew it was going to be a big
like a nice sunny day. So, I'll be like,
"No, no early birds. Uh first come,
first serve. Do not contact me about any
of the inventory. I won't."
And uh and then
uh most of those are rentals up there.
So, nobody even lived at those places,
did I?
So I
>> That's pretty diabolical. That might
even be more diabolical.
>> Uh it's it's definitely more evil.
>> Well, I did that because I was full
time.
>> You know why you did it?
>> Well Well, I just turned full time and I
was like, "Hey, I do this for a living.
These guys are out here, you know, just
trying to get ahead." I mean, I don't
know. They could have been doing it for
a living, too. I don't know. But I was
like, "This is my livelihood, you know."
Yep. Kevin, there ain't there is no good
there is no good justification for that.
No,
>> say say you're a changed man. And
>> I am a changed man. I I have I only did
that like one season.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't think I don't think you ever
told me this one.
>> I've actually I've actually thought of
doing that. I not thought of doing it
before, but I always wonder. I was like
>> someone could do that.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, someone me
>> like really Yeah. years ago, we were
there was like 30 of us waiting at a
house one day and some dude come out and
he's like, "Hey, what are you guys doing
here?" We like, "When's your yard sale
start, man?" He's like, "There's no yard
sale here." Anyway, he was like, "You
don't have any video games?" He's like,
"Get the hell off mine."
>> Oh, man.
>> You know, that's uh that's funny because
I always wonder that whenever, you know,
how you roll up to a advertised garage
sale and it's like,
>> "Yep." And I'm like, is is somebody
trying to like m make us waste time here
or something? Like what is going on? And
it
>> that happened to me yesterday um on this
road. So there was there's a road that's
perpendicular off the main road and
there were houses on both sides and
there was a sign
and uh the first house had a like a
corner driveway and there's a there's a
car in there. The back was open. And
there was some stuff in the in the
driveway and the garage door was open. I
was like, "Oh, this has to be it." So, I
whipped in there and there's a dude at
the back of his van holding the tennis
racket and I was like, "How much for the
tennis racket?" And he's like,
"What are you talking about?" I was
like, "Is this the yard sale?" He's
like, "No." I was like, "All right,
sorry. I'm so sorry.
>> I've done, dude. I've done that. I've
only done that once before and it was so
awkward and so embarrassing."
>> Yeah. that like I'm so careful now. Like
I don't get out the card till I see a
sign or something. I got to see I got to
see some kind of proof.
>> Well, when you're in that rhythm, I was
in that rhythm, you know? I was hitting
hitting one right after the other. I was
like, "Oh, this has to be it." And I was
like, "Oh,
>> is that a is that a hammer tennis
racket?"
>> I bet that guy was so he was so
confused. Like random.
>> Like he he basically just looked up and
was like, "No, can I help you?" And I
was like, the yard sale.
>> Nope.
>> Have a good day.
>> Yeah. So, sorry.
You don't want to sell that, right?
>> Oh, man.
>> Does that mean it's not for sale?
>> You sure you don't want to sell it?
>> Um,
>> so are are you going to the the rally
this year, Kevin?
>> I am. Yeah.
>> Okay, cool. So, we'll see you there.
>> Be awesome. I'm glad you're going.
>> Yeah, I'm I'm looking forward to see you
guys. Uh, so, uh, Lonnie, are you ever
going to do the 127 again?
>> Candace was actually talking to me
earlier about that. Uh, what what time
of year is that?
>> That's the first of August. I think it's
the first weekend in August.
>> Man, I would love to do that again.
>> I mean, to be honest with you, that was
I always look forward to that trip with
everybody. I think we did the Highway 70
twice and I think we did the 127
>> twice or three times. Uh Kevin,
>> you know what? Let me talk to Candace
about that, Kevin. Maybe we could I mean
I would you be able to do it.
>> Yeah. May maybe we could maybe we can
set something up this year.
>> Okay.
>> That that that would be fun. Like even
if we don't need a lot of inventory,
maybe we'll be ready for a little trip.
That'll be a pre- rally trip, I guess,
huh?
>> Yes, it would be.
Um, it was well I mean it was fun when
we did it especially like
>> when all three of us were Ryan when we
were uh sourcing together it was like a
race to get out to the
>> Yeah,
>> we would race each other to the to the
thing and and uh see who could pick the
best thing that the quickest.
>> Who were you with? It was
>> John. John.
>> Oh, and John. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, I remember those videos. That's
right. I remember you guys did videos.
That's right. I remember now.
>> Those sales were fun, dude. We had And
you know what,
>> dude? That was back That was back when
you could still go around a corner and
there would be like an N64 and 30 games
sitting there,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it ain't like that anymore. At
least not for me. Not for me.
>> Me either.
>> Okay.
>> I found one one last year and that was
the first one I'd seen in a while. But
anyway, sorry.
>> Oh, that's all right. Is is that the is
that when John like pulled out the
megaphone and was like, "Beware of this
man that
>> was funny."
>> Well, that you guys were still doing
this weekend reselling when you went to
the first Highway 70 and I just happened
upon you guys. I had never met I think
that was the first time I ever met you
guys.
>> That's when we met. Yeah, Ryan. We We
met Kevin by chance.
But but you were Yeah, we met Kevin by
chance. We didn't even meet in
Tennessee.
>> What? At a sale?
>> Yeah,
>> at a highway. There was There's a
Highway 70 that goes from like Nashville
to Memphis.
>> And uh they had said that they were
going and I was like, "Well, I'll just
go out a little early." And I started on
Friday and I started in Nashville. Well,
apparently
>> they ran into you first, right? Was it
Was it Candace and I that ran into you
first?
>> No, it was you and John.
>> Me? Okay. It was all of us. Okay. is
when he had his uh look what I found van
>> and you would make
>> Yeah, I was about to say that's what you
did whenever you'd say stand there and
say look what I found.
>> I always did that. It made him mad
though CUZ I LOOK WHAT I FOUND LIKE that
and then he would I know that John had
on that truck he had one headlight
that he would constantly like fighting
with he would like replace it and then
it burn out, replace it, burn out. It
was like probably some kind of
electrical thing or something.
>> Yeah.
>> And I I was like, "Hey, John." I called
him. John, you know, you gota like I
gota He was so like he was already like
on edge about it because it had been
such a pain in the butt.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and then after that after that
when I every now and then just randomly
I would sing that one headlight song and
he would just
>> I Jake Jacob Dylan song, you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But uh so I ran I was I had
stopped at a yard sale on the Highway 7
and someone said my name and I turned
around and it was John.
>> Yeah.
>> I was like, "Hey."
>> And um and he was like, "Well, Lonnie's
here, too." And so they invited me to
follow them the rest of the trip. So, uh
I think we hung out together the rest of
the time and then planned the next year
to go together. And then when we were on
the Highway 70 sale,
>> you guys had this weekend reselling and
you were like, that's when you were
like, "F Jackson, you know, Jackson,
Tennessee."
>> Oh, I remember that. Wow, that's way
back. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. They were mad at me about
something in Jackson.
>> I think I'm bail from Jackson.
>> Yeah. But
>> but one of those was like
>> that's Yeah, that was the Tennessee
Picker. And and
>> yeah, there was um Ryan, it was on
Facebook. They were talking about the
whole our crew on Facebook
>> and it was very similar to when they
were they were trash talking me locally
here where I live on the estate sale
about estate sales. It was something
similar to that.
>> Uh but what was what was their complaint
about us being cheap or something or
>> I think so
around asking if you had stuff and then
lowballing you on the
Yeah, that's the formula.
>> But, uh,
>> I mean,
>> those those trips are so much fun,
though. I mean, it was just like
>> you never knew what was going to happen
and and you'd get out there and
>> especially in Tennessee. I mean, there's
a lot of us hillbillies out here and you
never know what somebody's going to say
or do when you're one of those sales.
So, uh,
>> yep.
>> Um,
and there's a lot of individual yard
sales on them. You don't have to go to
all the fields and stuff. It's a, as a
matter of fact, we pretty much stuck to
all the individual yard sales.
>> Um,
>> I don't know if you're familiar with
those sales, Ryan, but what they what
you have on those highway sales, a lot
of house, individual houses, like Kevin
said, do do um do join in and those
that's where you want to go. But then
they also have these people that like
rent out their fields and people will
>> Oh, almost like a flea market sort of
thing. Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> And and I'm not saying you can't find
stuff there, but they're mostly No, it's
not as good. And they're they
>> they're trying to make money with the
stuff. They're not trying to get rid of
it.
>> They're resellers themselves, just in a
different form.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That doesn't mean you can't buy
from them, though, because I did.
>> Oh, yeah. Of course.
>> You know.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And the last year that I went when I was
by myself, the the best time to go to
the vendors were Saturday evening or
Saturday afternoon when they're about to
close up and they just want to get rid
of their stuff.
>> Get rid of it.
>> Yeah,
>> that's right.
>> Boom.
>> Yeah.
>> I've actually done pretty well at those
sales in the past. I have.
>> Yeah. I remember that. Uh you bought a
like a red vacuum cleaner that was like
an industrial one. I think you got like
300 and something bucks for it. But when
you bought it, I was like, I don't know
if I bought that.
>> It was a It was a backpack. I think it
was one of the ones you wear in your
back.
>> Yeah, a commercial one.
>> Yeah. I've always been a little bit
outside of the box. But one thing that
Kevin has always been good at, Ryan, is
when like he was saying like he started
watching YouTube to like refresh to know
what to buy and stuff.
>> But when that that dude's got a steel
trap, like a steel trap memory is really
good in this game. But Kevin Kevin's
memory is like
>> it's good like like for like that index
of what to buy and what it's worth.
>> He has it
>> big time.
>> Well, honestly, I think it's more of a
gut now. Like uh I can go to yard sale
and it and I can look at something and
if I've got a gut feeling or trigger
something, even if I don't remember what
it is,
>> I'm like, I should probably pick that
up. That comes with experience as well,
like knowing,
>> you know, that gut feeling isn't just
something that you have. It's it comes
with experience,
>> right? It's based on the look, the feel.
Never seen it before. You've been to god
knows how many tens of thousands or
hundred thousand garage sales or
whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> And you never seen that thing before,
>> right? you know, like like we we all
know and I dude, I think you're right
about the experience thing because like
most of these garage sales we go to, it
is literally the same.
Like it's pro like I could probably list
out a thousand items
>> and we probably see that same stuff over
and over and over to the point where
>> whenever you look at a a scene and it's
something that isn't that stuff, it's
like yelling at you,
>> right?
>> Like if if it's not home decor or baby
clothes, uh you know, or you know,
whatever.
>> But like I'm I'm so good at scanning
now. Like I'll scan that table, I'll be
like, "Nope, nope, nope. Oh, what's
that?" You know, it's
>> that fast.
>> Uh, and then sometimes I need to
>> I'll get in a hurry and then have to go
back. Like I'll pick up a couple things
and then I'll go back and scan and I'll
see a few things here. But yeah, for the
most part, I've seen the same thing at
every sale. Uh, just about everyone that
I go to. Not everyone, but like you were
saying, it's the most common thing that
you see on Heyard sales. I'm not I'm not
as good as you, but I know what you're
talking about as far as that gut. And it
is like Ryan said, it's it's built on,
you know, it's actual sensory perception
that you're interpreting is just like a
feeling, but it's not.
>> But I find that like my percentage like
when I have, oh, I have a gut feeling
here. I still have to comp because like
once I once I have that gut feeling, my
gut is right probably
40% of the time.
>> So if it's something I've never if it's
something I dealt with before, obviously
I don't comp that, which that happens a
ton, too. Like Sony
>> Sony handicam $5. Okay. Don't need to
look at
>> or those uh what what are those uh uh
those rain thing? The uh
>> Oh, the rain.
>> Rain.
>> I I just picked one up like last
weekend. I was like I I didn't even have
to. I was like beep.
>> Yeah, dude. If you sent You didn't know
about those things until you saw me
talking about them.
>> It's a It's a rainbow rainmate. It's a
It's like a bowl. It's clear. It's
translucent
>> humidifier.
>> And it has a little thing on top.
>> Oh, I remember that.
>> And it just blows it like And I think
people put like fragrances in the water
and stuff and it like
>> But yeah, I I don't know what they're at
now. Last time I sold one, it seemed
like they dropped a little bit. I it
seemed like it seemed like somebody got
like a bunch of stock of brand new ones
and they're selling brand new sealed
ones or something. I don't know. Might
might be temporary.
>> Well, the when I looked this one up, it
was
>> 4050.
>> Yeah, it's about 50 bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> Anyway,
>> you remember at one sale uh
>> I don't know if it was the last one, 27
we were on. I don't remember. Anyway, we
were all at this sale
and uh this lady had this contraption
and I picked it up and I was like, "What
is this?" Cuz I thought it was I was
trying to look up to the serial number.
She's like, "That's a rope counter."
>> And I was like,
>> "Oh, yeah."
>> And I was like, "What?" Uh I was like,
"For like a" She was like, "Yeah, you
went to the uh hardware store to get
rope and you pulled that."
>> Well, I looked it up and I just saw the
listing. I saw like 40 or 50 bucks. But
then when we got back to the thing, they
were like 150 bucks a piece and she had
two of them.
>> Wow.
>> And uh uh that was one of those to where
I just saw something sticking up on the
table and saw, you know, a serial number
and and things on it and it was just
something that I knew
>> that I that intrigued me
>> uh to pick it up and investigate a
little bit more. So,
>> you know what my latest move? Well,
actually, it's been my move for a long
time, but anytime something is anytime
somebody has like a lot of anything, I
don't care what it is. I asked this
question on my um on my Facebook my
Facebook page the other day. I said, if
you had the opportunity, and I'll ask
you this question, Kevin. So, if you had
the opportunity to buy
um let me let me figure out the numbers
real quick.
Let's say you had the opportunity to buy
10,000 Beanie Babies
all all like mint condition
uh with the tags and they all have tag
protectors. Okay, we'll say that. Okay.
And 10,000 of them for $1,000. That'd be
a that'd be 10 cents a piece, right?
Okay. Would you buy that?
>> No.
>> Oh my gosh. Why not? Why wouldn't you
buy it?
>> Well,
even one even one because they're long
tail. I mean, unless I can move them
like a hundred at a time, you know.
>> Well, that that that's what I would do.
>> Yeah,
>> that's what I'm assuming.
>> I I mean,
>> but you've got so much stuff already
anyway, though. That's the problem
talking to you about anything. Yeah. I
mean, if I needed inventory, yes. Uh,
but like the sell through on those are
awful. Uh,
>> is it?
>> I mean,
>> I'm not talking about individuals. I
know that's
>> Yeah,
>> like groups of them. The sellrough is
decent.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> I haven't looked at them in a long time.
As a matter of fact, I've
avoid them. I haven't looked.
>> I I avoid them, too. Although we I am
gonna be riding in parades on floats
now. And man, I brought Candace brought
Candace been buying a bunch of pl like
small plush and toys and beanie and all
that kind of stuff
>> for the past few months for this parade.
And man, we threw them on that we were
throwing them on that float.
>> Yeah, that looked fun.
Kids love that stuff when when they
because everybody else throwing beads
and stuff like that and they see a plush
come off of that float,
>> their eyes light up, man. It So, yeah,
we're going to
>> I take that back. Uh, since I've sold
them whatnot, I probably would buy them
>> because you
>> Yeah, you can you can probably there's a
niche on there for them.
>> Uh,
>> do you still do whatnot? So last for
2025 I did about 15 shows. Um
>> how'd that go? Talk about
>> um there. So with whatnot you you can
move a lot of inventory. So basically
>> like a lot of loose inventory. So
basically what I mean what I what I mean
by that is um and I didn't have a lot of
followers. Having a lot of followers
makes a big difference. Um
>> of course
>> but like my main shows were hats like
single hats. um
>> toys like loose toys and uh cards like
sports cards.
>> Y
>> it's a it's a way to like dump a lot of
stuff that you probably wouldn't list
individually or would lot up on on eBay.
>> Um
>> well, how how much would you get for a
what a hat is something I'm pretty
familiar with because you know I
probably sell an a hat on average for
$10 to $15. What do you get? What were
you getting on whatnot for like a
standard hat that might sell for $15 on
eBay? So,
>> um well, I would start the auction about
at $5.
>> Um
>> Okay, that's more than
>> And uh some of them would I mean some it
was it fluctuated between eight and 25
bucks. Um
>> Oh,
>> but
>> that's pretty good actually. I uh so I I
started posting on the inventory like I
would do reals for Instagram and and Tik
Tok
>> and then whatnot actually would let you
take a 10 second video of your
inventory. So when you're scrolling
through there you actually see that
video while you're scrolling and and
they would know what you have. So, um,
uh, I would put those out there. So, hat
buyers would actually like people who
bought hats all the time would come in
there and, uh, but I had bought, so this
is one of the things I guess you you you
guys probably don't know about this.
There was a lady that had a a store in
Gatlinburg that was t-shirts and hat uh,
and well, she had hats uh, but didn't
sell very many of them. and they had to
close because rent got so high up there
and they had been there since 1992.
>> Well, I got invited to come buy her
hats. Um
>> Oh, wow.
>> And these were brand new. They were all
like new era hats and like I sold a
couple of the They were some Nintendo
hats that had Super Mario from the like
early 2000s that I sold for like a
hundred bucks a piece. I mean, she has
>> Oh, wow. some like most of them were
from the 2010s I would say, but there
was a few vintage ones in there too, but
like I ended up probably with I don't
know 4,000 hats as well.
>> Geez.
>> Um, so I willot
>> I Well, I'm still looking at about
2,000, but uh
>> you sold half of them on whatnot?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh
>> and do you think you average $10 a hat?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I would say between eight
and 10 bucks.
>> I
>> Some of them did well, some of them did
did okay. But the problem
>> Yeah. Go ahead. Yeah.
>> Well,
so in a show I would sell 110 or 15 hats
or however many, but you have to ship
the before you get paid on whatnot. You
have to ship them out.
>> Okay.
>> And so that was 115
hats the next day of shipping. $500 in
labels or something.
>> Yeah. I mean, it was so it took a a long
time. I mean, the hats weren't as bad as
like the toys.
>> The cards were easier, but like um you
know, you had to dedicate two or three
hours to shipping.
>> Uh and uh I didn't always have that.
This was when I was started by pilot.
>> Oh, okay. I was about to say I was like
that's what resellers do. They sell
[__]
>> Yes.
>> Okay. But you were still working hard
but Yeah. Yeah. So, uh I mean and and
there's like I think that it could be
you could be successful selling on
there, but you'd have to have a pretty
good following. Like I don't know if you
know um Paul the Philly Flipper.
>> I've heard of him.
>> He he kind of went all whatnot last year
and like he was uh like even his eBay
inventory he was selling on there. Like
I even sourced from him a few times
because I mean
>> you don't get you probably don't get
well at first you don't get what eBay
would and I even with a lot of followers
I don't think you get the maximum amount
>> right
>> but but he's moving product I mean he is
moving like
>> 60 packages he was doing one every day
and moving 60 packages 60 70 packages a
day
>> because you'd have one person in there
>> buying like you know 30% of it, you
know, most of the time. Yeah.
>> Well, the pro is my understanding I'm
I'm not that familiar with what not, but
is my my understanding correct like once
like let's say I buy one hat from Kevin
and then I see another hat, I probably
will get a break on the shipping on the
second hat I buy, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Is that is that correct? It might be
free or maybe a little bit or something.
>> You can put max shipping on. Um I'm not
sure how they do it. I still don't
understand how they do it
because I never I mean they they eat the
additional items somehow like really
>> I'm not I'm not sure how
>> cuz I never saw it come out of my uh
>> uh like you could I think the max that
like if you bought from me I could set
max shipping at $912 $92 but I would go
in and assign each item like a hat was
only you know seven ounces.
>> And so it would never
>> you would never get you could buy as
many hats as you want to. It would never
go over $912.
>> I got it.
>> Come out of you. It wouldn't come out of
your
>> There's a threshold. There's a
threshold. You get so much of it that
they cover and then
>> the remaining.
>> Yeah.
>> Makes sense.
>> So So somebody buys a 100 hats, you're
going to have to come up with something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But you sold a 100 hats, so you don't
care.
>> No. Right. Exactly.
Um, and then, uh, it's good for like, so
I had a bunch of G.I. Joe figures that
were broken, like a bunch of crotches
and legs and torsos and stuff like that.
>> Well, I advertised that on there. And
when you get the collectors of that
stuff, they'll buy broken pieces. So, I
had a Broken Joe toy show and uh like I
had a big probably big tote of just the
little pieces and I sold those
individually and that was the biggest
show I had. I had like a $1,500 show
just from selling crotches and G.I. Joe
legs and stuff.
>> Broken crotches. He sold. Look, Ryan.
This dude sold cracked crotches
for $1,500.
And And it's a this is a very common
issue, too. Uh because we dealt with GI
Joe
>> what? Broken crotches.
>> Yep.
>> No. Or just broken joints in general. Um
>> it makes sense though. It's like it's a
super like niched down topic that people
are going to
>> are going to want to be interested in.
So, makes sense.
>> So, so you kind of said you kind of I
heard some past tense when you're I
don't know that much about Philly
Flipper, but you said you said some you
kind of referred in the past tense. Is
he not doing doing it?
>> No. No. He's still doing it. Yeah, he's
still big on on whatnot.
>> Um he he actually helped me. So there's
these things like I met him at the rally
that you weren't at, I think. So this
last one. Yeah. I met him and like he
came up and he was like, "Hey man, I'm a
big fan. You're one of the ones that I
started watching at the beginning." And
I couldn't believe it. I was like, I
mean,
>> you know, he was a even when he started
his YouTube, he was a big he had a big
eBay store, like 10,000 items listed or
something.
>> Oh, wow.
>> But anyway, uh so I'd met him and we
talked a little bit and then when I when
it so last year sometime, everybody kind
of got on the train of getting getting
back on whatnot and trying it again. And
so I saw one of his videos where he
something had happened on eBay and he
was like, "You know what? I'm just going
to go full whatnot." And uh
>> so I went into a couple of shows and he
was and he recognized me and I was he
was like, "If you want to, you know, if
you want to try to get back on here, let
me know."
>> So I reached out and talked to him and
he got me on one of these things called
So Do you know what a raid is on
whatnot?
>> Yeah. That's where they send their
audience to you when they're done. Is
that right?
>> Yes. Yeah. So,
>> so they have these things called raid
trains
>> to where they schedule like 10 sellers
on a Sunday
>> and one kicks it off. They do 15 or 20
minutes and then you raid into the next
person. They do 15 20 minutes. You raid
into the next person. Next person.
>> Oh, wow.
>> That sounds kind of fun.
>> It was pretty fun. But you I mean it's
you only got like 20 minutes, so it's an
explosive pace. So,
>> but if you're at the tail end, that's
pretty good, though.
>> I I was on a tail end of one of his.
>> Yeah.
>> And in 20 minutes, I sold like 1,100
bucks worth of stuff. Uh
>> Wow.
>> But I mean, it was like it was good
stuff. It was like a Sony Handy Cam. I
had some um
>> you went hard because you knew you only
had 20 minutes, so you went heavy.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> And then they they would do a preview of
it, too, to see what you'd say. So, a
lot of people he had you preload like
the auctions that I did myself, I didn't
preload anything. I just numbered them.
But for the raid trains, you could
preload all your inventory and people
could go ahead and pre-bid on all of it.
So, when the raid train hits you,
>> they already had uh So, I mean, there's
successful people on there that's doing
that. Um,
>> I just love,
>> dude, I would love to do to do it to
maybe not whatnot. Maybe like Candace
has been looking. Poshmark does it too.
>> Oh, I didn't know that.
>> Yeah, Poshmark has live selling. eBay
has live.
>> I don't know how to get into it. Um I
don't have any like contacts there and
they haven't invited me to do it. But um
>> it would it sure would be nice to have
that as an outlet sometimes. But it's
not a sometimes kind of thing though, is
it? Because like you have to like it's
better if you build the the audience.
>> It is. But like like you can you you
still get a lot of the people that are
just when they have time to get on and
scroll in a certain category. I mean,
you can be in that niche or whatever
>> and especially if it's like a prime
time, you can be like, "Well, you know
what? I haven't done it in a while, but
7 o'clock on Monday, there's a lot of
people on in this niche,
>> so I'll just schedule the show for then
and make sure you do a preview of all
your stuff or a a pre-loaded video." Um,
and uh, I mean I've I've done that about
two or three days ahead of time and
still got, you know, 15 or 20 people in
there uh, buying stuff. Um, but but I
mean I think it is a I think
I kind of looked at it as a way to
offload stuff that I wouldn't typically
sell on eBay.
>> Yep. Right.
>> But your hardcore whatnot people are
like, "Oh, no. You should bring your
good stuff to whatnot, too." But you do
have to. It's kind of like when I worked
at New Markets years ago. You got this
good item that you have to start low and
you have to be willing to take way less
than what it's worth. I mean, if you're
okay with that, you know, that's that
you know it you can put your good stuff
on there, but I'm not I'm not okay with
that. Just
>> I'm not okay with that either because
let let me show you some of the stuff I
sell.
>> Like Okay, we just
>> Oh, boy. Yeah. We just sold Okay, we I s
we sold a $75 light while while we've
been doing this show. Um earlier we sold
Look, this is a old broke down.
Show it to you real quick. There's a old
broke down uh cast iron toy truck that
we got $60 for.
>> That's nothing, though. Show them the
Show them the other stuff.
>> Yeah, I'm getting to it. Let's Oh, here
here's something. Like would would would
we get this on whatnot?
>> Would we get um
>> Oh, I I took a $160 offer here.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Would we get would we get $160 for a
license plate on whatnot?
>> And this has been a good day. This is
not a normal day. Okay. So, I'm I'm
showing I'm kind of bragging here a
little bit because I don't get that
excited about sales anymore.
>> No, but you're right, though. Like, you
wouldn't get these prices most.
This is another thing that sold today is
a a fan a little ashtray. Each leaf
>> each leaf comes off as or each petal
comes off and it's meant each one is a
little handheld ash tray that your guest
could use to walk around ash in it and
then I guess they dump it and then put
it back on the thing.
>> Oh, that's cool.
>> 200 bucks.
>> 200 bucks for that. And like you see
that's that's where I run in like we're
we are trying to move more into
>> uh here's another one from today.
Today's been good dude.
>> This like $200 pitcher just you know
like a glass pitcher.
>> Yeah.
>> Like we're trying to move more into that
stuff. Like Candace and I want to be
like in the area where we're doing like
>> that's where it's at. Maybe we're trying
to sell
seven, eight things a day
and three of the three or four of them
are over $100.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean?
>> Like that's rather
>> Here is my last two sales. This happened
last week. So I sold I don't know if you
can see them. So I sold a pair of
sunglasses there for 300
>> and another one for 400.
>> Whoa.
>> Nice.
>> Um
>> Oh, the vintage Oakleys. Wow. Yeah.
Yeah. It's the vintage like the the
flames on the side or whatever. Um but
I'm I'm kind of like you. I've been So
High Bid around here, there's not many
physical estate sales. A lot of the
estate sales are ran through High Bid.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh but um like I'll pay up for uh a
little bit. So those So those sunglasses
I paid like 40 and 50 bucks a piece
>> and you know people weren't weren't
willing to pay that. But I I' I'd
already knew that they were they were
worth a lot more than that. And so, um,
I go through and I'll pick out a bunch
of stuff out of those. Like, I have a
Cutco set of pearl handled knives over
here in the block that I won for 200
bucks or 250, but they're worth 700.
>> That That's That's how you do it right
there, dude. Is like like that glass
picture that I showed you just now.
>> We paid $50 for that. That was on that
was on um we had we did a little
wheeling and dealing on the last day of
the estate sale to get that. But yeah,
50 into 200.
>> Yes.
>> 100 into 300
>> all day long.
>> Most people don't like these multipliers
though. Most people don't want the two
and 3x. They see that and like they
think back, oh well, if I bought
something for five, I wouldn't want to
sell it for 10 or 15.
>> That's what they You know what I mean?
Yeah,
>> but it's like these these percentages
and multipliers don't work when you get
into bigger numbers.
>> I've I've paid I've paid $500 for an
item to make 300.
>> Well, yeah. Why wouldn't you?
>> Exactly.
>> If it's easy if it's easy, why wouldn't
you?
>> Yeah.
>> If you have 500, if you don't have 500
or if you only have 500, maybe you
couldn't or wouldn't, you know?
>> Right. Right. But I mean, I've always
I've never been afraid to pay up for
anything. Uh, and I mean, Lonnie, you've
you've been witness to this. I don't
>> I'm I'm a I'm If I'll
even if uh
>> Yeah. I mean, I've bought truckloads of
stuff without
>> You're worse than us. Like, I I'll not
worse, better, I guess. But
>> no,
whenever we do these videos, like these
vlogs, and we buy a lot of stuff or
whatever, and you know, we'll tongue and
cheeks, you know, we cornered the
market. You probably chuckle when you
see that. You're probably like, "Yeah,
okay, buddy." Yeah, you bought a 100
cookbooks or whatever, you know,
>> wow.
Well, you know, like uh I've made a
couple friends with some of the newer
people that came that moved here that
were re that were reselling and like
I'll tell them sometimes what I paid for
something. They're like I'm like, "Are
you scared?"
>> Yeah,
>> that's good.
>> Well, I know. But uh I mean I just I
couldn't I couldn't imagine being a
reseller and having that mindset of like
having to over
>> you know 50 bucks for an item that you
know is worth 200 or 250 uh or you know
you may not even sell it but I mean the
opportunity there the opportunity cost
is worth it uh in my opinion and some
people just are afraid to take that leap
I guess. Well, I I' I've Well, Ryan and
I have had this conversation a lot, but
I mean, like, once you get over like
there's a certain number once you get
over like a $100 price tag on something
you're trying to buy, you look around
and there's not really that much
competition anymore, is there?
>> Funny how that works.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a good thing though. If you got the
money
>> if you're talking makes it a whole lot
easier.
>> If you're talking about a deal that's a
thousand or $2,000,
>> no bra and it's a no-brainer.
>> Forget about it. Forget about it. you're
you're good.
>> So that like that's that's really like
that's
>> we we really love estate sales for that
reason because you have those kinds of
opportunities to go 100 to 500,
>> 50 to 250, 100 to 300, you know, those
kind of numbers. That's what we want to
do.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> Yeah. But then we go out like we go out
and I'm looking down the aisle right
here and how do I leave 10 vintage
Michael Jordan posters for $3 behind?
>> You know what I mean? And each one is
going to sell for 20 to $30 probably.
>> Yeah.
>> After we after we just had this
conversation about all this. And they're
going to take a little bit of work and
they're going to sell slow.
>> Right. You're right.
>> But it's too good of a deal. Well, I
mean, and there's multiples of them, so
you're like, "Well,
>> I could when all of them sell, I'll make
this amount." Yeah.
>> Right. Exactly.
>> I know that amount. I know that math.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, then I I'm thinking three into
200. Wow.
>> But it's not really like that because I
have to list them all and it's probably
going to take me
>> You know what? Whenever I actually go
into detail, it's like, "No, it's
probably going to take me two hours and
then five minutes a piece to pack them."
And yeah, it's easy money. I shouldn't
even be complaining. I'm glad I have
them.
>> Actually, it is a good buy.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's why we But but the thing is,
even though it is good a good buy and
worth it, it doesn't mean I have to buy
it.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Um, so Ryan, do you do you not source at
all anymore? Uh sourcing? No, not
really. Not lately.
>> Do you have items listed on eBay?
>> I do. Yep. I sell an occasional item.
>> Yeah, I have about 40 40 items listed
right now.
>> I have I think I have
>> I think I have Let me look. I'll tell
you. I've got 14.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, you have a lot more than I do.
>> Wait, Kevin, you only have 40 items
right now.
>> I think so. It may be less than that
because I sold I sold I sold seven or
eight things in the past month or so and
I have not been putting I've got a bunch
of stuff sitting next to me ready to be
photographed that I haven't gotten
photographed.
>> Oh,
>> I have an I have an epic death pile.
It's pretty bad.
>> Oh, yeah. So, you're just looking at one
row uh of mine
>> and there's two more rows of exactly
this all the way.
>> Yep. What? 30 ft.
>> Oh my god.
>> I've got an enclosed trailer full. I've
got
>> two storage facilities full, too.
>> And then
>> Yeah. Well, it's bad.
>> I can't say nothing. I I'm shutting up
right now.
>> Ryan knows
>> the good thing about it is most most of
our inventory will gain equity. It won't
lose.
>> It does,
>> dude. You know how many things I put in
I put in uh to a storage unit and then
five years later when I finally get
around to it, it's like, wow,
>> this thing is vintage now and it's worth
money. People want it. And when I put it
in here, it was just like a a bread and
butter item and now it's like a grill
from now.
>> Y
>> we waited years.
>> I'm an We're investors, guys.
>> Yeah, right.
I used to claim to be that. Um, oh, I
wanted to show you guys this. This is a
ratty t-shirt cuz I used to wear it all
the time, but eBay used to have merch
back in the 2005s
and uh I don't know if you guys
>> Wow.
>> Uh,
>> nothing listed, nothing gained.
>> Right. Look at that.
>> And I've got a
>> Well, not necessarily.
>> I kept these. I wore them for a long
time. Let's see here.
Did you bring these for the show today?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> All right. Cool.
>> Cuz I found them in a in a storage bin.
I was like, "Those are deteriorating
pretty fast, so I better put them in a I
put them in a poly bag." So, um,
>> that one say, "Don't put off until
tomorrow what you can bid on today." Oh,
wow.
>> Yeah. So, you can tell it's still in the
auction era.
>> How did you get these?
>> They had merch.
>> Yeah. Hey, like you could go on eBay and
click on merch. They had t-shirts and
jackets and all kinds of stuff. And then
uh I don't know if you can see that one.
>> Sometimes sometimes you find it more
often it finds you.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. So like I have those worth money.
>> I don't think so.
>> No.
>> Like they're not single stitch or
anything but they're
>> they're nostalgic for me.
>> Oh yeah. No, they're cool, man. Yeah,
>> eBay ought to eBay ought to bring some
of that back. You know what would be
fun?
>> What What if you What if you got like
they need to gify it and like
>> you know you you should earn points for
listing and selling and
>> message like an replying to messages and
stuff and then you and then you could
>> right and then and then you could spend
those points. Kevin, you used to play
online poker, right?
>> Oh yeah. Remember Poker Stars had their
FPPs? Y
>> and you could go in there and you could
buy, you know, you could buy cups and
hats and shirts and they actually had a
lot of really good stuff too that you
buy points.
>> And actually it was kind of fun. I
remember that. I I
>> Oh, yeah. I got
>> I got in the Sunday tournament every
Sunday like the big uh$100,000
>> $215 $215 one. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But uh Yeah, man. What if eBay had uh
what if eBay had a little fun point
thing where we could spend
>> that would be cool.
>> They should do something like that. They
should do something like that for the u
the customers too.
>> I know they I know they have like eBay
bucks or something like that, but that's
so stale and nobody like I don't think
anybody's excited about that.
>> Right. Yeah. Well, and you get you get
emails with 10% off in categories every
so often.
>> Yeah. You know, you should get like
tangible objects like prizes or
>> And then and then those things those
things are uh great advertising for
eBay, too.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> So, um
>> Oh,
>> go ahead.
>> Oh, no. Go ahead and finish because I'm
about we're we're about to wrap. So, I'm
I'm gonna ask you one final question.
So, get go ahead and get out what you
were going to say.
>> Okay. Well, I just have a quick uh
content question for you.
>> Okay. So when you do
reels, are you So when you do one reel,
do you post that same reel to YouTube,
Tik Tok, and Instagram, and Facebook, or
do you mix up the reels like so you
don't have the same one going on at the
same time? Um,
>> I think it would probably That's a good
question because I think it would
probably be smart to do a different reel
on each platform
>> because that whenever whenever I would
do like a a real like I've only done it
once or twice, but like when I would do
a reel, I would just, you know, upload
to all of them at the same time. So, I
didn't know if
>> that's what I do. But Ryan, what you do
the same, right?
>> Um, yeah, I do. Yeah, I do the same.
I'll upload Well, just honestly, it
depends on the day. Sometimes I mix it
up, but for the most part I upload Yeah.
the same reel to all platforms at the
same time. And then uh
>> because it's a different audience,
right, for each
>> it's a different
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's a different audience.
And but I'm kind of in a different
situation because I like I started
Facebook kind of recently and I was
uploading on Tik Tok every day for like
the past year. So, I have a like years
backlog of content.
So, that I can put on Facebook, which is
what I'm doing.
>> So, I'll I'll like I'm mixing it up. I'm
putting like my content for today. Like
for today, I put on Facebook and Tik
Tok. Those are the main ones that I use
for the most part. Um, and then I'll
also put content on Facebook that is
like months old that I just have like
backstock. So,
>> cuz you can you can put a full video on
Facebook, right?
>> You can. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz I have my I have my whole library of
like 300 videos.
>> Yep.
>> I thought about, you know,
>> I would get on there, dude.
>> I'd get on there, dude.
>> Well,
>> so I took my normal Facebook page and
then I created a Tennessee picker page
off of that.
>> Is that what you're supposed to do? Is
that how you're supposed to do it?
>> Yeah. And then you could switch.
>> How do you get monetized then? How do
you monetize that? I don't know how to
>> That's gonna be Ryan.
>> Uh, it's for Facebook you're talking
about.
>> Mhm.
>> So, it's like they don't they don't give
you a set metric of like what you need
to like reach.
>> They kind of It's invite only,
>> but like if you're posting there
regularly and you get like
>> 2 3,000 followers, you're probably going
to get monetized. Yeah, I got I got mon
I started in November. I got monetized
at the end of January with like three or
4 thousand followers.
>> Okay.
>> And Ryan Ryan started going hard because
I got monetized and he was like because
he had known about it and he was telling
me about it because there's a f there's
a creator he follows that kind of was
showing, hey y'all need to do this. Look
at all this money and you know he was
kind of showing people like what you
could make there and stuff.
>> Yep. And uh so he was Ryan was telling
me about it and then one day out of the
blue I get a notification that I was
monetized on Facebook and I wasn't even
trying to and I never post there other
than in the water cooler.
>> Huh.
>> That's the only place I would ever post
>> and so I got monetized and dude I was
like
it was awesome.
>> I guess I'll start posting.
>> Yeah.
>> So I start posting and then Yeah. It's
>> Yeah,
>> we can talk we could talk more a little
bit off offline, but yeah, it's it's
pretty Dude, it's worthwhile,
right?
>> Have you went back and reposted some of
your old stuff on there or are you just
posting your new stuff?
>> I'm just posting new stuff, but I I
don't think it's I think it's I don't
think it's a bad idea.
>> Yeah. Like here here's the thing with
Facebook is that like we think of
YouTube is more
>> you can if you have a bad video on
YouTube it could be pretty pretty
damaging.
>> You know if you have a post on Facebook
that sucks
>> it doesn't really matter that much
because people they're all they're doing
they're just scrolling by it anyway.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> What's it matter? The mindset,
>> the mindset for Facebook is just like
everything is content. Like whatever
passing thought you have,
>> post it.
>> It literally doesn't matter. And some
stuff blows up, some stuff flops. And
that's
>> it needs to be half halfway interesting.
Of course.
>> Of course. Yeah.
>> But I mean, given that, but yeah, Ry,
but you never know what is going to hit
and what like some things have hit that
I was like, what?
But yeah, it
>> Yeah, like a couple weeks ago, I was in
I was in the grocery store and I was in
the fruit section and there was no
bananas. I'm like, that's weird. Yeah.
>> I take out my I take out my picture or
my phone. I take a picture and I'm like,
is there
>> I was like, is is there a banana
shortage or something?
>> And I posted it and it blew up. It got
like 100,000 views.
>> That's so smart.
>> And I made like $15 or something off the
picture.
>> Wow.
>> It ended up being that there was just a
sale. I didn't realize. So everybody
bought bananas, but I was genuinely
confused. I'm like, why are there no
bananas here? And obviously everybody
had an opinion about it and it blew up.
>> So something stupid like that, you know.
>> Didn't there used to be a u uh like back
in the old days? Yes, we have no
bananas. Isn't that like that's a phrase
I I remember hearing before.
>> Yes.
>> Yes, we have no ban. Was it a song or
something?
>> It may have been. Uh you're triggering a
memory here. Uh
>> yes, we have no bananas.
Ryan has no clue, right? Like I I can't
even refer to some Anytime I refer to
something from like later than like
2005.
>> Yeah.
>> It's pretty much
>> It's pretty unlikely Ryan knows what I'm
talking about.
>> Here's one more question for you guys.
Are we going to sing karaoke again in
Cincinnati?
>> Oh,
are we? I don't know. Maybe.
>> I'm I'm down.
I'm down too.
>> So, what he's referring to is last time
we went to a place called Tokyo Kitty
and it was as weird as the name.
>> Yes, it was.
>> Absolutely. And it was awesome though.
>> The swan came down out of the ceiling.
>> The swan of booze.
>> Yeah, the the booze they had some
contra. It was really janky looking too,
dude. It was just like a They had a hole
they had a hole cut in the ceiling,
right? basically. And it so you have
this round round platform and this
wasn't it just like suspended by chains
>> or like a cable or something.
>> Yeah, like a cable.
>> And then it just lowers. They put the
thing
>> lowered all the way to the table, I
think.
>> And it lowers down and then Yeah. But
it's so like
>> that memory is kind of fuzzy for me if
I'm honest.
>> Yeah. Yeah. you guys were uh were
catching you um Lonnie and and uh uh uh
gosh
>> Justin
>> Justin were catching you up on not not
been drinking all day.
>> Yes. I got off the plane and they're
like let's get uh whiskey.
>> We were literally I think we were
literally pouring it down Ryan's throat
basically.
>> I don't know why
>> it it escalated quickly. But the fun
part about it was you had your own
private room to where you didn't have to
sing in front of everybody else because
>> Right. Yeah.
>> That would have been petrifying. Well,
maybe not for you guys, but it would
>> No, we were good. No, we would have sang
anywhere. How many of us were in that
room? It was
>> two, four, six. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Six of us in a karaoke room just
like Yeah. Yeah. I I'm I'm willing to do
it again. I I want to share. It
>> was a lot of fun.
>> It was here. Here's one here's one of
the first ones I did on Facebook just to
give you some kind of insight.
Home Depot be tripping.
So, I went to Home Depot
to buy some boxes for like some big big
order I had to ship.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And I saw the bubble wrap. That one
thing of bubble wrap is 32.98.
>> Oh.
>> And I'm like, man,
>> good lord.
>> That is
>> crazy.
>> That is nuts. And And I was like, you
know, if it makes me feel away,
>> dude. I I shot a qu this video.
>> Mhm.
>> And it took me like I don't know. I
think the video is like 14 seconds long.
It's literally 14 seconds long. And then
I grabbed my boxes and I went to check
out. And but before I did that, I upload
like dude, it took me like literally
like two minutes to do all that. And
look, I made 40 bucks.
>> Wow. Holy cow.
>> Yeah,
>> that's pretty good, right?
>> Yeah.
>> It's fun, too. It's fun is what it is.
>> Well, no, I was buying boxes, but it
more well covered that. Yeah.
>> It's a lot of fun. Is that your iPhone
that does the picture and picture like
the reverse camera and your because I
can't get mine to do that anyway.
>> We'll go we we'll talk about that in a
little bit.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, but yeah. Um Oh,
question question for you before we wrap
up. Man, we've been going a while. We've
been going like two hours. Is anybody in
the uh the uh or this is the inner
circle? Did they go to sleep?
>> Uh the last message was uh
at 9:40.
>> Over over an hour ago. over an hour ago.
>> Anybody here still?
>> I don't know.
>> Mary,
>> not so Okay. Anyway, yeah, just to let
y'all know too, this whole show, y'all
are watching it now.
>> But you could
>> you could have watched the live
recording if you were in the inner
circle. And Kevin, you could have
watched it too if you weren't the the
guest tonight.
>> But uh
>> Oh, we got a couple people here. There's
two people here. Not so Slim Pickin says
they're here and Nita Ray says she's
here. Oh, Dina Ray, I have we talked to
you before in there?
>> I don't think so. I think she's I think
she's a new uh a new member. So, thank
you for joining.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Welcome to the inner circle.
There's going to be much more to come.
>> I only joined the inner circle to help
to be on your show. So, mission
accomplished.
>> Well, you you could have got on here for
free, but look, you
>> would have been anyway. But there
there's going to be there's going to be
a membership card mailed out to you guys
at some point. And it it you're going to
want to have this membership card. It's
probably going to be something pretty
important, pretty big. We haven't we
haven't worked out all the details, but
you guys, especially the uh what do they
call when somebody the early the early
adopters? I can't remember.
>> The the um
>> the OGs,
>> the ones I Yeah, the OGs. Yeah, we're
going to hook y'all up. But yeah, um,
what were we talking about?
>> Did you Did I answer your question?
>> All the way.
>> The karaoke. By the way, I have some of
your old merch, too. So,
>> that's the OG mug.
>> That's the good one.
>> I have the orange one, too.
>> That's the expensive one, right?
>> The green one's the rarest.
>> Oh, it is.
>> No, no, no. The orange one is.
>> The orange one is. Yeah, I think the
orange is. Yeah.
>> Yeah, the orange one.
>> The orange one first. Yeah, we only
>> he only did a limited run and then I was
like, well, if he's going to do a
limited run of the other ones, I'll get
that one, too. And uh you sold a lot
more of these. I think
>> I did. I think the first run I think was
only like
>> maybe a hundred or something
>> and or maybe no or maybe 60 something
and then it was so it like we sold them
out like within a couple hours. So the
next run we did like 300 and something
and then I think we did like 500 the the
third round or something and they every
time they just like
>> gone. I remember that.
>> Is Garage Flip still around?
>> Did you rename it back to Garage Flips?
>> No. It's uh
>> there's a garage flips out there with
all your content on it though, right?
>> No.
>> I thought I saw that.
>> Well, no. It's the channel is now named
I'm Gonna Pack It.
>> Huh? You don't watch that?
>> Uh,
>> no. It's fine. You don't have to watch.
Who has time for that?
>> I don't consume a lot of reseller
content anymore,
>> dude. Dude, you
>> I don't watch it much either.
>> I'm going to pack it is very um eclectic
audience. We'll say I would watch it
probably if I was working by myself
still. And yeah, I would watch it then
if I was working by myself.
>> Someone has a garage flips-l
playlist.
>> Huh?
>> Uh, when you type in garage flips
>> on YouTube, someone has a garage flips-l
and it's your video of you uh
uh moving into an apartment.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> When you had the buzz cut, you had a
Yep.
>> Oh, do you still have your lean too on
the side of your house?
>> Still there?
>> Yeah. Still got a bench in there even? I
haven't even Dude, I haven't been in
there. I haven't even looked in there in
at least a year. We don't ever go in
there. It's still It's It's still set
up. It's got like There's There's not
much in there. It's got like a bench.
It's got Oh, it's actually got an um I
think there's an iMac in there.
And there's a a shelf with some boxes.
And I hadn't even set foot in there in
like probably over a year.
>> Yeah. Uh I'm I I can't believe that you
could work out of that uh little space.
>> Well, you know what I did every day is I
mean I was working in there, but
basically
every morning I would go I would drive
to storage. I would pull orders at the
storage unit and I and then I would also
pull
unlisted items out of that out of
storage while I was there. I'd come
home, I'd pack the stuff that sold and
then I would list the stuff that I
brought from storage and that's how I
was able. So, it was always like, oh,
and then the next morning when I went to
go pull the orders, I would bring the
stuff that I listed the day before and I
would put it on the the inventory
shelving in storage unit.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that's how like so which basically
means that if you just have an like if
you have an apartment and you don't have
anywhere to do anything, you can still
do this if you can just rent storage
unit, you know.
>> Yeah. Right. For sure. For sure. until
it gets broken into and they steal all
your [__]
>> Yeah,
>> that was the best thing that ever
happened to you though, Lonnie.
>> Uh, I don't know if it's the best thing
that ever happened to me, but
>> one of
>> it ended up being a good thing.
>> It did. It forced my hand into something
else that was better. You're right.
>> Yeah. Like I know what because like my
best one of my better videos that I put
out when I've the past couple years when
I've not is one where so I went to this
yard sale one morning and I showed up a
little too early and I asked the lady I
was like am I too early? She was like
no. But then she started telling me a
story about how she had a yard sale and
some guy showed up at 7:00 in the
morning knocking on her door. Anyway,
she went through the whole spill and she
was like and I told him you need to
leave. Well, my thumbnail was her
pointing and
you need to leave. And I said, "Early
bird drama at this yard sale."
>> I made the mistake of putting that as
the first clip in that video. I should
have put it at the end, but cuz I didn't
retain a lot of the viewers, right?
>> But man, everybody like
>> people were so mad in in my comments.
They were like, "I'm never watching
another video of yours again. I can't
believe that you just click baited
this." I was like, "Hello." Yes, that's
what it's for. But yeah, the drama the
drama gets him.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Well, well, that that's not a I
mean, that that's the kind of click
baiting I do. What you just talked about
there. There was
>> totally true.
>> Yep.
>> Little bit of, you know, got a little
bit loose there, but you know, it's
still true.
>> Yeah.
>> So, okay. I've got two questions for
you, Kevin.
>> Okay.
>> And then we're going to get out of here
because we've been going a long time.
So, number one, you can answer this or
not. I don't, you know, either way. What
was your best month ever on eBay?
>> My best month.
>> Yeah. On that graph that, you know, that
30-day graph, what's the best 30-day
graph you've ever had?
>> Um,
probably
uh I'm pretty sure I just checked this
the other day. It's It was uh 27,000 I
think. And
>> Wow.
>> That's good. That's a good one.
>> I I thought it was going to be higher
than that to be honest. I think that's
probably about hours, something like
that. And
we we've been under 20. We've been under
20 for quite a while now, I think. But
yeah.
>> And I've only hit like I think the
highest 90day total I think I ever hit
was like 65, maybe.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. But, uh, honestly,
when I look back, I could have listed a
lot more than what I did, uh, with all
this inventory.
>> Um,
>> and I see these young kids now, like
there's a guy that's listing like
>> there's some dude who's popping up in my
feed like out in California that has all
these clothing and he's processing like
two tons of clothes and and listing
like, you know, 200 items a day and all
this other stuff. Jeez, I can't.
>> And uh um I I don't think I could
either, but I sure would like to have
the motivation to try or the
>> energy to try. Uh you know,
>> if I had that whenever I was sourcing
like I was a few years ago,
>> I probably would have had $50,000
months. You know, right? I would I would
have had, you know, 8,000 listings or
10,000 listings. uh
>> or some some people would listen to what
you're saying and think, "Oh, well, you
just need to hire some more people,
>> right?"
>> Yeah. People don't understand what
Yeah. You can hire as many as you want
to, but you know, overhead grows just as
much as uh uh as much as your pro or the
the sales portion of it goes up. So you
got to be really careful because the the
margin the margin is the difference the
actual profit because their pay comes
out of that profit. It doesn't come out
of the initial buy.
>> Yep.
>> And so uh and you got to maintain
there's once you have overhead there's a
break even point that you have to hit.
You have to hit that. not like someone
selling out of their house is not, you
know, that don't have any other bills
other than the money that comes out of
what they sell on eBay. Uh so that it's
a it's a big cash flow circle and when
you add employees and overhead into
that, well then you're just siphoning
out you're you're hoping to siphon out
enough in that flow to live and and that
determines how comfortably you're going
to live if it pays your bills or if
you're just part-time or car payment or
you know whatever. But yeah, you can't
you can't just scale with employees. You
still got to buy good. You've got to
have you got to make your money on the
buy just like you did before, just at a
bigger scale. Or
um there's a there's a guy that lives
close to me. He's a um he he's a a
reseller like I am, except he's a he has
sources.
>> He's much better at talking to people,
like building relationships. like he'll
actually sit and talk to someone that
has a collection at a yard sale and find
out that, you know, there's more in the
house or they have a connection to
someone who owns another facility that
has a whole bunch more stuff. And I
don't take the time to do that and I'm
horrible at at building those
relationships.
>> You know who is you know who is really
good at that is Guy. That the guy I
Yeah,
>> Guy. That sounds like what Guy does. He
could talk his way into anything. Yeah,
>> he's good, man.
>> Oh, man. I wish I I wished I had that
ability. Uh
>> yeah,
>> but unfortunately when I'm out yard
selling and sourcing, I'm I'm so
laser focused on
>> right
>> hitting that yard sale and then moving
on to the next one. The FOMO. Yeah.
Yeah. And maybe maybe one of these days
I should just slow down and you know
talk to the people and I might miss out
on a few but maybe gain a few
relationships you know along the way
that may be profitable.
>> I don't think it's absolutely necessary
but relationships make things a lot
easier like the stuff I showing you. We
got access to a lot of that stuff um
because we have relationships with these
estate sale runners now.
>> Yeah. Yeah. A and I mean that comes with
spending money and doing business and
trust over years and stuff like that,
but
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's a good one.
>> Um Oh, my question the other question,
the final thing,
recommend somebody really cool that
maybe not everyone has heard of that we
could have on this show that we could
invite.
>> We're asking everyone to do.
>> Doesn't And you said you don't watch a
lot of reselling content. It doesn't
even have to be a reseller necessarily.
>> Not necessarily, but it does need to be
somebody that we could
>> that's attainable. Yeah. Yeah.
>> We have a shot.
>> So, not
>> I don't think we'll get like, you know,
the president or
>> No, because we're not going to get the
Pete. We're not going to get the
Craigslist hunter in another niche niche
because,
>> right,
>> you know.
>> Yeah.
>> We just kind of knew Pete. We just kind
of knew Pete and I and and the the the
guy we have on next week, he's big, too.
But I kind of knew him sort of, you
know, from from video from him watching
me. So, it kind of had an end there. So,
yeah.
>> Well, you know who I who I really always
liked was Stephen Stef. You don't see
them anymore. Have you talked to
>> Oh, man. I You know what?
>> Interesting. That one,
>> Ron. Ron, do you remember this? So they
used to do what was that show called
that you guys did on Sunday night?
>> Resell beer.
>> Yeah, the reseller back. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> And they were on there like those those
that was that was a fun show cuz like
you had
>> um what was the lady lady's name in
Texas? Uh I can't believe I don't
remember.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then um Andy uh the parent
head picker. That guy was on there. He
he does I don't think he does content
anymore much, but uh
>> he posts on I still follow him on
Facebook and he he just makes some fun
posts there, but I don't think he's done
any reselling content though. I think he
still resells though.
>> Yeah, but like that was they were so
much Steve and Steph were so much fun on
that
>> on that panel. I mean, they were just
like a I don't know. They were just
>> they're different.
>> Yeah. Yeah. In a good
>> interesting interesting guest. I don't
know. You think they would do it?
>> I don't know.
>> I think they might. I think they
actually might. Kevin, that was
>> a fun one.
>> Great suggestion.
>> Fantastic suggestion. Thank you, dude.
That was a really good smart.
>> Yeah, they um like
>> I I didn't when they You remember their
channel went down and they had to for
whatever reason they had to repost
everything again. You remember that?
>> Yeah.
>> I I quit. I mean, I didn't watch them
every day, but you know, they were at
one point I would watch one of their
videos at least once or twice a week,
you know, just because they were I don't
know that they were just um
>> they were huge stars. Massive. Yeah.
>> But I mean, like they were so
approachable on their videos though.
>> They are.
>> And honestly, that's what that's what
drew me to your stuff, Lonnie. you were
so
>> you were so approachable when you first
started. I was like
>> uh I mean he's doing it. I can do that
too. You know, it was it was that time
and and that's the way I kind of tried
to do all my videos.
>> Uh you know, until I saw Ron's idea of
doing a yard sale video and then posting
the what what they could sell for at the
end. I got that.
>> Oh yeah,
>> everybody did that.
>> That was Yeah, but I think you were the
first one that I saw do it maybe. I
don't know. I think I was. But
>> but that
>> Ryan Ryan's production
>> Ryan's production level on those videos
was like super high.
>> Oh, I know, man.
>> Freaking great.
>> I studied your videos, Ryan, but I could
never uh I never could uh replicate
uh
your style or at least the algorithm to
uh acknowledge it. Anyway,
>> well, I bet Ryan can't draw a pilot
truck stop either.
Can't do architecture.
>> Do everything else. Can't do that. Hey,
I want you know what? I lied. I have one
more question. What What pro do you use?
Auto like do you use Autodesk software?
>> I use AutoCAD 2026 the full version.
>> Is that Autodesk? Is that who makes
>> that's that's under Autodesk suit. So
like Autodesk has Revit Fus Fusion CAD.
Uh
>> y
>> um 3D homework. I mean I'm sorry. um
uh studio. No, there's a architecture
version that's 3D.
>> Was it called 3D home studio? Is that
what it's called? Maybe.
>> No, that's another that's another
product. It's not by Autodesk, but it
does exist.
>> Um and then like a few other um they
have some other uh programs, but we
primarily use AutoCAD, which is 2D.
>> Um
>> Ah, yeah, of course. So they're they're
wanting to make the change to Revit,
which is 3D and drawing uh models, 3D
models.
>> Oh wow.
>> And it's it's going to be tough. Uh
because
>> the details are very intricate and to to
create that stuff in the families of
>> like we have to Yeah. It's it's going to
be a lot of work on the beginning to
actually create all that stuff in 3D
modeling. So
>> Well, y'all going to have to get trained
up on all the software, too. Yeah. Yeah.
So, and I I used Revit in when I was in
Oakidge for
>> Oh, you did?
>> Yeah.
>> Ah, okay. The reason I asked you that is
because I've been doing 3D printing
again and um
>> Yeah. I I I've I've started and stopped
started and stopped trying to learn
Fusion 360
quite a few time. It's It's very
difficult, man.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not that easy.
>> I wish it was. If you so if you take the
approach of drawing it in 2D first
>> well that's what you have to do because
what you the the way it kind of work
well you know uh or maybe you don't um
on 360 like what you have to do is like
if you want to like make some some shape
or something you have to you have to
pick sketch
and then you have to pick what plane
you're going to sketch on. Now that
could be XYZ,
you know, like the coordinates or it
could be a surface on a model you've
already drawn.
>> Ah,
>> you know, so you like you could draw
your next sketch on top of the face of
of a of the model you've you're already
working on and then you extrude it out
and all that stuff.
>> Right. Right. Right. Yeah. I was about
to ask you, do you have to extrude it
and everything else and then probably
cut out what you
>> Yeah,
>> I'm not good at it yet. I need to learn
it all. But
>> there's there's supposed to be I don't
know if Fusion has it, but AutoCAD has
grips and snaps to where uh you're not
to where like it lands on you can you
can tell it to click on intersections
and end points and
>> radiuses and quadrants and all that.
>> Snapping and snapping.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, so if it's a if it's a
geometrical shape that you're drawing,
it should be a little bit easier with
the grips and the snap or the grips are
for moving the snap points to where you
don't have to manually try to offset it
or or whatever.
>> I just have to go through the pain of
spending the time with it and learning
uh the keyboard shortcuts I need to
learn too because I think that's very
important.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Anyway, so
>> yeah, I use shortcuts like crazy uh in
AutoCAD. So,
>> yeah. Well, uh, Ryan, I think I think,
uh, I think we need to wrap this sucker
up. It's been a It's been a great com.
>> I loved every minute of it.
>> When they go this long, when when they
go this long, it was a good convo.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. No, no bad combo goes almost, you
know, three hours, right?
>> Oh god, is it that Oh my god, it's 10
o'clock.
Oh, it's 11 here. Well, there goes
getting up at 5. No, I'm just kidding. I
wasn't want to get up.
>> Um,
>> no, but uh
>> I've been I'm I just turned 50 and I'm
drinking caffeine, so you know, I'm not
going to go to sleep uh anytime soon
now.
>> Yeah. Well, you're up till 2 o'clock 2
a.m.
>> When's this dropping, Ryan?
>> Uh Wednesday. Yeah.
>> Wednesday. Okay.
>> Well, when you guys when you guys are
big and have a ton of subscribers,
uh I want to come back on again. Uh
>> absolutely. Oh, we'll be too big of a
deal then. We won't even move on.
>> I know. Be like,
>> Kevin.
>> Kevin who?
>> Do you hear?
>> Hey, look, man. Um, we I I'll talk to
you later about uh maybe August. That
sounds like fun. Actually, I know would
love to go if we can swing it.
>> Well, I was going to go by myself. So, I
mean, if you guys want to do it, we
don't even have to start, you know,
where we normally start. We can,
>> you know, it's it's sky's the limit on
that one. uh from Michigan all the way
to Alabama. So, wherever you want to do
it.
>> Okay, cool.
>> And uh yeah, this was awesome.
>> Yeah, thanks man for coming on. Really
appreciate it. Um I wanted to mention
too, I will leave Kevin's channel linked
down below in the description if you
guys want to go and check out his uh his
content.
And uh yeah. Yeah, thanks for coming on,
man. Really appreciate it.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me, guys. I'm
was so shocked and honored that you
asked me to come on.
>> Thanks a bunch for doing it, man. I love
doing this and looking forward to seeing
you soon. Thanks a bunch for watching
everyone. Bye y'all.
>> Thanks, guys.